my heart be longing to watch lord of the rings again . but I delete it from my laptop and Unifi be down . I need to watch lord of the rings 
@badumpp you over tweet and the Unifi will go crazy with you spam 
be my Unifi the only one act up or . . ? 
this damn internet should get better quick or I will have to find its replacement . I be break up with you Unifi 
wa Unifi what wrong with you today 
seriously Unifi ? youtube also can not load ? you can just eat you shit 
bastard Unifi unstable as fuck 
@jiayeess my Wi-fi just back . . now spoil again !! what the hell be this Unifi 
@konnichinope Unifi keep advrtising purchasable 1d movie I check the store evry fcking day and there be not fcking ti be we in the store what the fuck 
aiyoo what happen to you Unifi buff faster laa 
Unifi you son of a bitch 
walao damn it la . how can Unifi be so freaking slow 
annoyed . Unifi suck every time I want watch #theheirs 
its already 3 day since my Unifi get some unknown problem 
@ tmconnect but I wan Unifi . my neighbour have but I do not . tm say not service for my unit . 
hello my Unifi be still not work . please send you team to fix it . @ tmconnect 
please just anyone fix my Unifi I need to finish my bm homework 
@ tmconnect I have notice saujana utama still not cover with Unifi . any idea when it will reach here . 
uhh screw you Unifi 
the most awkward moment ever . . when you campus wi-fus be much more faster than you home Unifi . . 
Unifi be fuck slow 
dam dulan . . sohaus Unifi till now still so slow o0o 
Unifi why be slow down now :-lrb- -lrb- can not watch run man smoothly noo 
Unifi you son of a bitch 
fuck this stupid Unifi shit omfg stupid fucking asshole Unifi worker can just suck my dick seriously ugh piss off such slut oh my god 
@itssheenz ooh and my uncle disconnect Unifi noo . have to use 3g blackberry ughh so dissapointed 
@laidbackron you complain of Unifi never end . . 
@laidbackron go get another one instead Unifi 
@endaoo later I call Unifi ask they cancel 
sohaus Unifi why be treat I like di ? I wan na upload my mix bro ! 
internet fucking lag like shit . what the fuck man stupid Unifi . give away 2 game for free because of that . 
do with Unifi for this year !! see you next year Unifi !!?? 
indon ' s airport ' s wi-fus even faster than you Unifi ? 
my Unifi be so sloww 
cant believe this thing be faster than my Unifi 
be a Unifi user be so frustrating . 
my Unifi must be the shitiest ? 
@shazanazainal stop use Unifi . use unitem la haha 
ahh I want to watch we get marry . but Unifi at home be totally suck rn . 
@kishenkumar21 be it ? get ta ask my dad . so annoying man Unifi . 
my mom do not pay Unifi 
I think p1 be faster than Unifi ler like this 
@khengwai6929 confirm Unifi so slow already 
that be why Unifi x baguzz 
mc donald please chg you wi-fus to Unifi . it be fucking slow right now . 
imma just sit beside that damn Unifi router and : connection lose pop out . bagus la macam tu 
this Unifi be too slow it cant even load picture and freak twitcon what the hell Unifi 
feed up with Unifi . extreemely slow ! take so long just to download a 4mb application x 
@natzainal hssjakskqkqbjkqjkqpqsnj I swear I will rest in peace my Unifi into piece 
@seantan18 my Unifi keep disconnect ! and now I can not even connect . you use also ? 
what the fuck Unifi . . why you do this 
@ tmconnect macam siput want to upgrade to Unifi but it be not available at my residence yet so yea I be so piss rn 
people change faster than Unifi 
@ TMConnects Unifi not work ! 
why qb area no Unifi 
my dad doesnt pay 128 / month for this crap Unifi . . 
it be not load Unifi can go suck a butt 
@ tmconnect thanks for you reply . my location be not cover by Unifi whereas the street behind and in front be . and I have Unifi Wi-fi all around . 
Unifi be slow as hell 
no Unifi oh great 
what the heck be wrong with this Unifi . 
@aaron1797 @luis99 g but I barely use my house wi-fus because my Unifi be fuck slow in my room so I use lte a lot 
mom even you turn off house Unifi 
tm why you no give Unifi ! 
bloody Unifi be a bitch 
sorry I don ; t have Unifi but god bless 4g 
@aaronyjleon haha later la . the house also not ready yet even after I shift in . no Unifi line yet . 
Unifi be shitty for 4 day 
fuck Unifi 
@syedomario 96 very fast . faster than Unifi 
seriously Unifi I pay the bill and you speed be slower than my grandma 
@lexterlim kesian I wan chng Unifi also cant ?? 
. @ tmconnect when be you go to open Unifi port in my area ?? be a Streamyx customer ' s a terrible experience spend wait endlessly ! 
. @ TMConnects if you go to force I 2 use streamyx because open Unifi port in my area be not profitable for you 
. @ TMConnects you terrible Streamyx service be seriously waste my precious time and make my blood boil every day . where be my Unifi ?? 
Streamyx dgn Unifi problem . . but still no announcement from @ TMConnects @ tmcorp 
yes . retweet @gameruk what if ' end of day ' be misunderstand and refer not to apocalypse / oblivion but to the Unifi 
thinking of downgrading my Unifi or just potong terus . 
why do the Unifi just crash these past few day ? @ tmconnect 
wow . . the internet go out for a long time . . damn you Unifi 
kamom unifi ! I have a lot of work to be do nus wei 
@ tmconnect I be @jenniferchong08 . my mum home Unifi wiring be break already and this morning my sister habe call 2x time for you customer 
@ tmconnect @jenniferchong08 . my house Unifi wiring be break already . my sister have call you customer support for 2x time . 
@ tmconnect the problem be Unifi wiring break . . not my house wiring break . 
what the fuck be up witg Unifi ? goddammit man 
can not surf anything . helpp !! what be wrong with Unifi . 
@ TMConnects you should ask technician come to repair because the Unifi wiring already putus . . no use just set at you side 
nothing be more aggravating than slow wi-fus . like Unifi please get you shit together 
walao Unifi do not you dare 
it be rain . . Unifi suck tonight I can do nothing . . sleep 
damn it ! my Unifi be act up ! 
not sure bout Maxis fibre but it be indeed cheap . if speed be better than Unifi and stable 
why be Unifi super crappy today 
what the fuck be this Unifi 
Unifi be so bitchy 
slowest internet connection go to . . Unifi 
@lensa rosak they offer more mbp for a quite cheaper price than harga tm provide to we for Unifi . be that related to internet bandwidth ? 
@unifitmnet why be Unifi available at kulim hi - tech park but not in residential area ? what the hell be tm worker do ? 
what happen to the Unifi siaa t . t 
my Unifi not workin 2 day already . . ping work for default gateway but not subnet mask and try renew and release dn . . 
@ tmconnect I do not want Streamyx anymore . it be terrible and unfixable . open more Unifi port on my street . how can you not have enough ?? 
@ tmconnect it be not like my area have no Unifi coverage . you just refuse to tell I why you will not open more port . not profitable enough ?? 
my god Unifi suck so bad 
@sabrinafaizi be you use Unifi because even with Unifi this be go to be slow it be like 11gb 
@qin calmforever I burn Unifi for you 
seriously what the fuck happen to Unifi . 
Unifi act weird 
god damn it Unifi I can t even watch video 
Unifi get you shit together 
Unifi be be a bitch . 
so annoyed with Unifi 
theres a problem with Unifi so I have nothing to do ? force to sleep now . 
@faezadeeyana no . you should understand how my situation in this week without internet . I do not know why Unifi so fucking stupid nowadays . . - 
wait just let I drive to unifus ' s headquarter and punch the ceo in the face 
can Unifi get they shit straight ?? 
@annfongg you internet kenapa ? my internet also really pekcek just now the Unifi make I want cry 
@ TMConnects my Unifi get cut and I have just pay my bill . what number do I call to get it reconnect ? 
@ TMConnects my service have bin down for 2 day now and customer service have not yet respond to I . I just get my Unifi less than a week . 
wi-fus be freak fast . faster than my Unifi at home 
why be my Unifi be so fucking slow what fuck bullshit be this . 
@ tmconnect I be not use any of they . I be only use you Unifi . I do not know why but my internet be not very stable . always disconnect 
@marvin yong oh shit hahaha . ask you dad go upgrade to Unifi la 
@marvin yong huh then too bad la but sometimes Unifi also damn slow 
look like Unifi and my house just will not get along . 
why my area still not Unifi - ed yet ? make my life so miserable . 
@emiliaerwina haha ntah aa . but I think all of the Unifi in malaysium screw up 
bye mr mamak . bye Unifi . Unifi kat umah problem . that why la lama aku tk online t t kbye everybody . you go to miss I when I be go ~ 
what the fuk be wrong with Unifi rumah nii !! 
dear value customer we yap kwan seng branch be experience Unifi problem thus we phone line doesnt work . . 
and hypp tv doesnt count because my area get no Unifi 
what be go on Unifi ? big problem . 
stop be shitty Unifi 
hah the stream be lag even use the Unifi 
laugh out loud I have no astro no more sobs stupid Unifi 
tmb Unifi . . lag like shit 
@suh ling shh I do not want my sister use up the wi-fus haha I need teh internet Unifi be so sloww 
@suh ling reallyy ? have Maxis beat Unifi ? oh my god 
get you shit together Unifi ! haiyaa 
@thedudeyasser : even a turtle can beat my internet speed - . - pakaus lah Unifi 
how can my Unifi be suck tonight while everyone else good ? 
o0o laa Streamyx internet down = = Unifi also hai 
@ashleypyh wahh tell I if it be better than lousy Unifi ! no wi-fus = very sien and can not do work 
mcd ' s Wi-fi be better then my Unifi 
#codghosts I can not even find a lobby now !! what the hell Unifi . . seriously . . how be I suppose to enjoy play with you shitty connection . . 
why ganu do not have Unifi . . sad 
ugh what wrong with Unifi its get annoying 
dad : we be go to shut down the Wi-fi I : why dad : you need to study I : . . dad : loljk we be go to install the unlimited 4gb Unifi 
@ MaxisListens because I terminate the Unifi . . if not return I need to pay rm500 . . 
no !! Unifi why you do this to I !! I can not watch run man smoothly ! noo !! buffer !! buffer !! buffer !! buffer !! no !! 
@ MaxisListens dear syakilum . . if I want to terminate Unifi . . I have to return back the modem . . its the rule . . 
internet abnxcess speed 5mb unlimited + 50channels rm70 w / o contract . better than that overpriced Unifi 
Unifi or unishit 
@ TMConnects just wonder what the hell be up with Unifi in my area ?? 
why 5 mb de Unifi still will let my dota lag 
@drshikin use the Unifi not have buffer 
what be wrong with Unifi ?? 
suck Unifi again . . sien 
@ TMConnects Unifi be slow again . 
the Unifi take forever to load a damn google search . 
annoy Unifi . please . be nice . 
what be uo with Unifi ? no internet access 
@ TMConnects dude please do not sign off now sr . the Unifi be damn slow 
@marieishmyname marie ! what internet you use ? my house Unifi no coverage Streamyx also do not have 
the heck be happen with this Unifi 
@nesarajah 50 mbp ?? that s faster than my Unifi ! -lrb- sorry for late reply 
Unifi get slow now and very shame 
give my maklong money back Unifi if you internet speed like this 
hmm can not expect much on Unifi though . . more than 4hr already 
oh god Unifi line putus by tree branch . oh god no line . daius 
damn it Unifi get yourself straight 
blame my house for not have Unifi = = 
Unifi do not do this to I please 
mother fck I so hard to connect the live stream just now . then now my bro go and close the Unifi . need to connect again already 
fuck you Unifi 
why be Unifi soo bad . 
@bryanntan @aimansufian123 too bad then haha bry . . eh aiman fast ah so slow like Unifi 
@deishenan @bryanntan sorry la Unifi person keep say people Unifi slow wan na give promotion 
record I some good movie / show to download I will be Unifi - less for the next week !! 
@ TMConnects my Unifi connection keep get disconnect randomly . it usually happen during weekend . 
please no more problem bullshit Unifi 
signup for astro iptv and have to terminate my Unifi biz static ip rm599 
why do my all my tab and phone do not want to connect to my Unifi * cry 
fuck Unifi not work again zz 
I swear I will sue Unifi for the shit internet they give I . pay so much for nothing 
why you so lembap Unifi . 
the fuck why suddenly Unifi so slow one ? 
@swjwanjing cause Unifi be the most bullshit thing in the world everyday at least no connection 2 time freak piss 
fuck la Unifi . . why today 
come on Unifi please be nice bby 
@silverpearl96 sayang I do not have Unifi or beyond . . 
sometimes my friend forget I do not have beyond and Unifi . . hahahahha 
why my Unifi have to get bar now ? 
the bad side of Unifi : you will get use too much with the fast line ! I barely can download exo ' s new song ! barely !! 
so sick of unifus ' s bullshit seriously everything take so long to load ugh 
@ernnianyaw the Unifi damn shit lurh . make so many appointment also never turn up z 
@ tmconnect why klang utama town area do not have Unifi ? but small village area get Unifi ?? Streamyx be terrible slow ! when only upgrade ! 
what the fudge be wrong with my Unifi ?? it be down or temporarily suspend ? 
seriously Unifi be be a ass 
@jagpohh but my house can not watch one no astro only get that Unifi thingy so yaa 
finally ! ughh wait for hour for Unifi to work . . the fuck man . disconnect the day . . 
take Unifi the entire damned day to connect . 
my god after use my aunt ' s wi-fus for more than a week I now feel like punch the people who work for Unifi 
@cultavix super smooth for broadband level ! even my Unifi be lag sometimes ! 
Unifi can you fuck off ? 
just a step away from sue Unifi 
@ TMConnects my Unifi be get slow ! 
Unifi today ' s internet connection be worse 
yes Unifi be be total shit 
yer why this Unifi so guai lan aa 
sien lo . my house area thr no more port to install Unifi . diu 
what wrong with Unifi 
@imanhssn give I a sec Unifi be drive I nut ! 
I miss you why you Unifi so dumb @vhuay 
my Unifi speed like turtle . . 
something go wrong with Unifi . guess it be time to sleep . . * sigh * 
fuck this Unifi !! 
retard Unifi make I wan na burn the house ? 
there be no coverage in my place for Unifi ugh 
man tm Unifi suck dick 
fking Unifi . 
@xxmfjasonxx I do not know . stupid Unifi ! tomorrow morning nie the people in charge will come and check on it 
@rexck17 use to chg back to Streamyx d get problem with Unifi 
what be wrong with Unifi ? . . 
thought can install Unifi end up they do not have port for my house . knn 
get you shit together Unifi . 
Unifi be bloody hell slow today . what the fuck 
@kutamfabre dota tak boleh main do . fuck dota fuck Unifi fuck steam fuck you 
buat penat je bayar Unifi but the coverage be soo small 
I think Unifi be suppose to be fast but I think its slower than a jump snail 
internet be act up . . seriously Unifi you can jiak my sai 
Unifi be be a pain in the ass . Celcom be be a pain in the ass . what be I suppose to use to get on the fucking internet 
good game Unifi so sloww 
whatssup with Unifi tnight urghh so sloww 
@ tmconnect I have dmed you my detail . please please put in a request to open more Unifi port . bad internet be really ruin my life . 
@melmoshifa my dad also plan to change to Maxis . much faster than Unifi . 
kena spam by Unifi billing . what the fuck 
@ TMConnects my Unifi be down since last night 
@nicholashey same nium . . mine Unifi stop work since yesterday ' s evening 
am I the only one have problem with Unifi 
@izwanzain Unifi carus pasal since yesterday morning . dah call 3 time 
the Unifi be get boring 
@kiryuuhazel dem call centre dium kata most of customer ' s Unifi under prob 
tm get you shit together and fix you Unifi 
lag like fuck . taktau Unifi problem ke steam problem . 
what the fuck be wrong with this shit wi-fus connection its freak Unifi 
well unifus ' s a bitch today 
rely on 3g as my Unifi fail I 
Unifi ah Unifi slow until can not watch movie 
@yaddeu laugh my ass off my heart be not a Unifi I tell you laugh out loud 
what te fuck be wrong with Unifi 
@ TMConnects you internet connection be just terrible . I be on facebook and youtube suddenly Unifi just kick I out like a few time already 
@ tmconnect how long it take to get back Unifi service after relocate to new house . . ? be it 2 wk . . thatt to long . . 
damn Unifi get problem again 
so my Unifi be still down 
my window 7 be not genuine . but I have use it for 9 month and the fcking Unifi keep lag . 
I can not even download movie now . . what the fuck Unifi 
why my Unifi always line suck ?? zz 
@calvinhng never mind . never think that Unifi also slow . 
I trust you Unifi and you betray I . . what the fuck be you problem . . 
the Unifi really piss I out ! 
something be wrong with Unifi today . . why be it so slow ? ughh 
mutha fuxkng smelly pussy ! dam dulan wei !! sohaus Unifi 
do Unifi decide to be a ass tonight or waht 
@heyydaay dayumm I think everyone ' s Unifi die . 
@joshuachia9 screw this lah . pay so much for Unifi then this kinda shit happen . 
tell I mom terminate Unifi because my house get Maxis fibre coverage !! 2x faster and cheaper ! screw you tm !! 
what be wrong with Unifi ?? 
second time in dec Unifi die . . time to sleep 
say Unifi good good good ham lan lar night time keep disconnect suck my deek man 
Unifi memang lembab time midnight and time sebelum and selepa subuh 
@ tmconnect morning ! I get a big problem with my Unifi ! 
@ tmconnect someone hack my Unifi and they change the password . . can you help we recover back we password ?? we still do not know who do it . . 
goodmorning . stupid Unifi crash last night . 
I love tm but not Unifi 
sienz ! come back home ! Unifi like fuck 
@ tmconnect I din ' t screenshot the speed test but the Unifi always become limited 
@ TMConnects yes . but it keep on lag . my Unifi be 5mpb . when I run the test which be only 1.65 mpb like that . around there . 
even the Unifi worker also pity I 
how come Unifi will be so slow . ? 
@ TMConnects my Unifi email address have stop work as of last week . can you help I get access to it ? 
@crimotaku goman ! my Unifi network be cut for 2 month due some maintenance . . * bow @wisefreeman @yunamon 
probably my datum be faster than Unifi . . = = 
@kamiliajbdrews I do not have Unifi 
feel like want to kill Unifi . 
what be up with Unifi today . 
@faggyul oh my god I be use Streamyx not Unifi 
@ tmcorp since yesterday my Unifi speed be lower than 1mbp . be there any maintainence go on at kepong area ? 
who else hate Unifi 
I would love to meet the manager of Unifi and complain bout how stupid network he have . I bet he himself do not use it 
just great Unifi . . I have pay my bill this morning . still you do not work ? damn you 
not funny Unifi 
why Unifi ? why ?! its too slow 
dear tmnet can not you not f my life with on and off of internet ? I do not feeriikin wan na change to Unifi thank you very much . 
I think Unifi sleep laugh out loud it be already 12am 
what be with Unifi . it be like the entire universe be against I right now 
why cant we have Unifi in kelantan daddy najib you suck 
@shotafague suck my fifteen mb Unifi dick 
@ tmconnect I live in ttdus and my Unifi be not work . there be signal etc just that I can not access internet 
@poojarai I do not have Unifi and the normal one same bodoh la ! 
this can not be but streamyx ' s service be way better than unifus ' s 
hmm weird Unifi call I to tell I that my account have be select to upgrade my package with extra cost . why would I want extra cost ? 
it be almost 2014 and Unifi still havent reach my area yet and puncak alam be still under kualum selangor when it be suppose to be under 
20mpb Unifi hai still slow 
@ tmconnect I just upgrade to Unifi very important person 10 . but the line still keep die . hypptv not work . there be some noise on my modem also . 
remember when there be no Unifi ? yeahp 
no Unifi for I though 
what the hell be wrong with Unifi ? 
Unifi !! not this time . . 
mayb should go Unifi center complain 
I will not open the internet a lot for awhile because my Unifi be be a idiot 
wi-fus be not work fuck you Unifi 
dammit Unifi 
what be wrong with Unifi siao = = 
what the hell be wrong with Unifi this night - 
takde game menarik at Unifi 
#au 2013 lk what tim jone of the ponderosa comapny win . he be wear the @inviewlabs Unifi shirt . #discoverunifi 
why be not there a customer feedback account for tm net or whatever the stupid Unifi company name be . I wan na send they hate tweet so bad 
@ TMConnects how to solve the problem about Unifi in my house ? line always slow and have disconnect problem . please solve my problem 
@vicctorlim fuck that shit bloody Unifi ? 
connection here be way faster than Unifi mann 
what the fuck be wrong w Unifi la fuck shit haih 
@fnatash : what the fuck be wrong w Unifi la fuck shit haih 
@nfndinjj sorry lat tk dpt on . . ini Unifi pon problemm . . now I be okay . . miss you 
I be tire of poor tm ' s Unifi customer service . 
I be tird of poor tm ' s Unifi customer service . f 
Unifi why you so sloww 
unifus ' s connection be so shitty nowadays zz 
less than 1mbp . . what the fuck . . that be like 10 % of the speed it be suppose to be Unifi suck 
@gohsz : stupid Unifi = = ifkr 
mummy cancel Unifi 
why so slow wey Unifi 
@hyinspiritsk @mysterious98 for your information I do not use Unifi / shrug / 
why Unifi so laggy 
@ tmconnect I always get slow connection when it be midnight . wonder if I should stop use Unifi . 
@sylviaa 69 oh hahahha . blame Unifi oh alright haha . all you gangss ? 
Unifi be be a bitch again . 
stupid Wi-fi not work in my room again . seoously wan na smash Unifi modem . 
sit on the stair because the wi-fi connection cant even get through to my room . bullshit sium Unifi 
hold back the anger towards Unifi be slower than any other internet company I have try out 
@ TMConnects knp modem Unifi ni x boleh on ? there be no light on the modem . and before ii turn off the modem there be no internet connection . 
how be it possible that 10mb internet be slower than 5mb ? Unifi 
why do Unifi have to be such a bitch normal wi-fus do not suck as much as Unifi though - . - t 
@syafiqahsyafiqa : @nfndinjj sorry lat tk dpt on . . ini Unifi pon problemm . . now I be okay . . miss you wi-fi maseh rosak sorry 
@ayam najmuddin they should change they internet to Unifi or something better . ' customer always right ' be the best for this situation . yo ! 
what the fuck . . bloody Unifi make I disconnect game thrice and now can not even use . force I use my mobile datum at home . 
hypptv be a shit in the ass . the only reason I be use you because of Unifi . fix you problem and service please and quick 
be it I or Unifi be get slower ? 
@akufivefeettwo key word be Unifi . that enough to spell unstable connection . 
mahaus can not go to azdrama and now can not go hotmail ?! what the fuck Unifi . what the fuck 
should not have choose Unifi . 
@freakywax : asal siang confirm tenet slow . malam macam Unifi pulak . I be agree 100 % ! 
9 -11 pm must be the peak hour where everyone ' s online because Unifi be slow like shit . 
no mood dy Unifi till now can not use 
stress up by the Unifi dude ?? 
what happen to the stupid Unifi ? 
@xuanliang doggy Unifi duno what fuck problem 
@dantiong aha I do not use Unifi . do not think I can stay awake til the end 
I hate how my dad just have to put the freak Unifi on the other side of the freak house . what the hell mann 
bloody Unifi can you stop 
Unifi what wrong with you 
the hell with Unifi these day . so slow !! @unifitmnet 
Unifi Unifi what problem with you today ?? haizz 
when you 4g be faster than the Unifi 
I think I use broadband also better than Unifi . 
wi-fi piring terbang a . ok . a ufo . . ubiquity Unifi ap sinyal 1 
@balqisbajrai oh god please do not I will burn you Unifi 
c of Unifi 80 % quota have be use . sakit hatus do dpt message nus 
@saladinmy @ TMCorp Unifi suck !! disconnect 
@yyeyenern I do not need Unifi to post it . . 
oh my god I be so go to shoot Unifi zz 
internet down again . stupid Unifi 
you suck to be honest @ Unifi 
ishh even Unifi stream youtube video 3 minit pun buffer truk . sigh 
I do not get it why the connection here be so suck I think Unifi be awesome ?? 
fuck retard Unifi . activate my internet back bitch . I be fucking pishang . without game my life be useless = = 
oh shit ! 80cent leave !! @yling yap can not chat with you alrd . dad switch off Unifi . and datum quota dah habis . 
use 3g at home . like what the fuck Unifi ? I be pay for such rubbish connection ? 
what the hell Unifi ? you say no more buffer 
what the hell be wrong with my Unifi ?? 
why Unifi smth so sohai ? 
fuck this Unifi . 
in need of a freak Unifi at home 
whole family use own hotspot . stupid Unifi 
@chantellelum something better than Unifi pfftt 
update my Unifi and subscribe to hypptv ytday but not able to enjoy it cause Unifi be down since ytday = = xml #onlyhappenstokarrkei 
@estherrlevine yeah somemore my house still not Unifi will try to download la 
walau saidd ma house Unifi get problemm why do not straight away tell in fbb tt 
Unifi so fucking slow zz cant even watch anime without buffer every 2 seconds zz 
what be wrong with Unifi tonight ? so slow like a siput !! zzz 
fuck Unifi fuck cunt . 
wow Unifi router can be easily hack 
@ tmconnect but Unifi unlimited tak ? 
tm Unifi eaate my fucking ass 
@ MaxisListens we fix line Unifi be damage 
damn Unifi I wan na strangle you 
damn . . Unifi close use back noob internet 
you suck Unifi you suckk 
preachh @sparks fly07 : you suck Unifi you suckk 
@cherrymilq Maxis Wi-fi ?! yeah that connection really slow . I use about 2 year ago . by the way I use tm Unifi . 
screw you stupid Unifi ugh 
@ tmconnect here nie blom check lg . . bz . . ti be not 1st time . . think to terminate Unifi . . just use home . . or p1 . . more reliable . . and cust friendly 
@unclewongg go fuck boom you Unifi 
Unifi help I abandon 2 game o0o 
no one will ever pick up the phone at Unifi center o0o 
I swear Unifi be sohaus 
what be wrong with the Unifi urgh ahskxhakanzjak 
I change my bed position and now I cant even connect to the Unifi what the fuck worse than before 
I would say this be go nowhere sorry friend ~ ~ #flashmobmestech Unifi #unikl internet like shitz 
the Wi-fi at the hotel be faster than Unifi at my own house zz 
how could I lose 3 round of dota ?! ? fck you Unifi 
I will fuken end you Unifi 
fuck you Unifi so do goodbye 
my uncle block my phone from the home Unifi what the actual fuck 
@ tmconnect I can not access my Unifi email account since yesterday - be there a problem with you mail service ? 
so Unifi stop they email service and I do ` nt know about it . mood . furious . 
@ TMConnects Unifi be slow when I be play game . bring down the whole connection . 
mcb my stupid window 7 laptop can not connect to the Unifi while all the apple device be up and run blaze fast . 
stupid lag line screw you Unifi 
be it my Unifi get problem 
I plan to watch full road for hope yunho but it seem like the wi-fus be too slow so I think I should watch it at my own home laugh out loud Unifi 
my Unifi mail just stop . it say login fail . it be ok yesterday 
@ TMConnects Unifi mail just go dead today . say login fail . it be ok yesterday 
fuck Unifi be not work ugh 
@ tmconnect there be a error on my owner name from the day i register Unifi last week until today 
be it just I or Unifi be be slow ? I want to watch run man sob . 
@thero3 stupid Unifi . suppose to be fast but it aint . 
@unifitmnet my Unifi connection be terribly slow . get slower and slower everyday . even some basic site like can not . . 
for god ' s sake I be try to learn through youtube here and you so call ' Unifi ' be as slow as a snail . 
jap my Unifi be so freaking slow . I be on facebook for . . eh can not my ex tahu password I nanti dium bise zz . . 
because I get a 2 hour video of soshus ' s 2nd japan tour . laugh out loud and I kennot watch it online because Unifi be a freaky shemale 
issit Unifi or my laptop be just slow ugh 
bloody Unifi . . 
stupid Unifi oh my god 
close my Unifi . finally . 
I do not like when someone off the Unifi without my permission 
where be the fckinn Unifi ? ugghh 
Unifi . . still black screen fakk 
ok i swear sometime Unifi suck 
5 harus Unifi rosak . nice and I be back laugh out loud 
@ tmconnect I get message that my Unifi be down and mttr be 19dec . cable at smk tembilum kg raja . please provide update . my Unifi account nnicema . 
@neonbraces why you house Unifi not good aa cium ? 
what the hell be wrong with Unifi weih . 
stupid Unifi only work faster when you be near they 
disgust by tm ' s Unifi . shit be a week . or more 
slow internet connection I need Unifi laugh out loud 
I think most of people ' s Unifi have problem laugh out loud . good thing mine be fix 
you be kick by a administrator . state reason : you ping be too high ! amboius . . Unifi dh nus . . 
fuck Unifi 
sigh my Unifi be mess up zz 
kelantan do not have Unifi ?? seriously ?? why mirus do ? 
@amirashaf : kelantan do not have Unifi ?? seriously ?? why mirus do ? boo kelantan boo 
hate Unifi . goodnight 
why be my house Unifi so fking slow 
fuck you Unifi 
disconnect I from my game one more time . I dare you . I double dare you Unifi 
@syamilsalem : disconnect I from my game one more time . I dare you . I double dare you Unifi kau tgh main ke mil ? 
fuck sohai la this fuck Unifi . pet pet day day disconnect what the fuck ? 
we internet be down . we will be back online on the 17/12/2013 due to Unifi technical problem as per tmnet . . 
I mean come on . . it take 30 seconds to open my notification on a Unifi Wi-fi connection . . nigga what the fuck ?! 
@ TMConnects we be not the only 1 who be experience 2 day of no intnt cnnction from Unifi 
@pk6253 @ TMConnects we be not the only 1 who be experience 2 day of no intnt cnnction -lrb- Unifi -rrb- 
Unifi can you fix you shit 
so slow lah Unifi today hmm ? 
Unifi keep crash like my life 
why my henpon can not detect ptar ' s Unifi ? 
to dear house Unifi : fuck you 
Unifi get you shit together yo 
the only way to see how bad the internet be be through youtube . youtube should not be buffer if you be use Unifi . nope . 
weww stupid tm Unifi 
Unifi be stress I out 
be it I or Unifi be so damn slow 
curse on Unifi . fuck you 
Unifi be be a bitch 
fuck Unifi can go and fuck itself like my dad be not pay fucking internet for it to be fucking slow do you fuck get I ?? 
fuck Unifi . I can not even fuck use my wi-fus at all . 
my Unifi have be so sucky lately so annoying !! 
@ tmconnect harllow !! what happen to Unifi ?? suddenly no connection at all . . - . - '' abis smua assignment aku . . zz 
disconnect - > abandon - > no internet - > fuck Unifi 
Unifi oh Unifi #disappointing 
bangun2 pagus Unifi down . any planned maintenance or network outage somewhere in cr ? xfokus plak kt pmw list smlm before balik 
@ TMConnects all of sudden Unifi email be not work 
@ TMConnects what be wrong with Unifi line ? 
Unifi fucking slow right now zz 
Unifi fucking slow right now zz 
@sharzmore sorry if I be not reply you wechat or anything related to internet . my moderm Unifi rosak 
@ qtluhan laugh out loud you must be use Unifi be cool whenever I wan na stream it will lag 
off Unifi without tell I fuck you 
why Unifi suddenly rosak 
when the group I like then lag like . . Unifi you can go die 
I pay for the Unifi and now the speed be slower than my grandparent bullshit 
line be figgin slow . help Unifi help 
I feel like want to bombb the Unifi . 
die to watch reply 1994 but stupid Unifi wont even let I load 5 minute of it . 
@ tmconnect hey I be just wonder if there be any problem with the Unifi around putrajaya because I can not access into the internet 
@ tmconnect I can not access into my internet despite restart the modem numerous time . I do not know if its the server or its my Unifi ? 
@ryanklein what s wrong with you Unifi ? I wouldn t be look myself 
rarely online cuz Unifi internet connection problem dekat rumah 
when you start download but realise that you do not have Unifi . at least not anymore . 
@azlyntheotaku I know right . . even Unifi be so slow . especially at night . 
Unifi why you do this to I !! 
this be bad . the Unifi be not work . 
am I the only one who be have problem with my Unifi . . 
shitty Unifi 
its that occasional unexpected crash of Unifi that annoy I . one sec its load everything like a god and the next 
@muhdlana98 @abbaas @muhdfathihah13 oh really Unifi slow ? 
crap just realize how many whatsapp message I miss out haih no thanks to Unifi ? 
shitty Unifi 
I want Unifi ! why my area no Unifi ?! 
o0o Unifi be crawl tonight 
@corneliusting my area no Unifi coverage 
I be so dissapointed with Unifi service ! bayaq mahaus tapus service macam butuh !! please consider this !! @ tmcorp 
@netster23 seem like a lot of these case . just by read the complaint on twitter . sigh 3rd day of no Unifi @ tmconnect 
bangun pagus Unifi buat hal . hello ?? I pay my bill ! why the heck be you make it a monthly thing to cut my wi-fi ?? 
@ tmconnect please fix Unifi problem connection at bangus . I ve be subscribe the 10mb but the connection always be interrupt 
@eirashahirah no Unifi 
what be wrong with the freakin Unifi 
have to terminate Unifi biz20 static ip due to unutilize . keep the Unifi biz20 dynamic ip at home . ok save I rm 599 monthly 
what the fuck !! 30mb speed for broadband ! @ tmcorp @ tmconnect will never ever can catch up via Unifi !! cc @prasys 
@anisskhalida my Unifi be too shitty to stream anything 
fml Unifi watch livestream slow as fuck 
when la there will be Unifi in kelantan . . #foreverslow 
@hyotheyeon tq . still the same lah . sigh pakaus Unifi pun lag like hell . apelah . anyway tq ! 
I hate you Unifi 
96 % before 2014 . lambat betul Unifi download 2014 nus . nak update software umur 23 tahun nus 
@muanism so much better with Unifi -lrb- I be so excited cant you see -rrb- 
@muanism but all I do be sleep there so theres really no point of Unifi dohh . . 
I wan na kill you Unifi ?? lembab nak mampus asgdjfllkl 
what the fuck i do not open twitter that time cause fcking unifus ' s bitch 
someone need to fix my Unifi at home before I go break on my datum plan . 
be it I or Unifi be terrible these day ? 
that moment when you datum be more faster than the Unifi 
@aqilalexius girl receive news faster than the speed of Unifi 
so much for Unifi internet ' s so damn slow 
I be too sick of unifus ' s shit 
Unifi be gettin slower and slower even my dad purchase the fastest one hmm 
@ TMConnects Unifi be down . no internet . hypptv still work . please sort this out . account number ? : 1003236559 . 
bye Unifi bye hypptv @ da ` punk house 
stupid Unifi be not workingg 
why Unifi disconnection . 3g slow like hell ?? 
damn . my bro off Unifi . load use ph datum be like wait for a century 
@ tmconnect somethng wrong w / d Unifi ti morn ' g ? 
goodbye Unifi 
upgrade my astro and also use they internet service instead of Unifi and apparently there will be no more gangguan cuaca thing mhm 
@ TMConnects Unifi can not make call . do my pre - check cable and phone swap . datum and hypptv work . 
@ TMConnects be Unifi under maintainence or anything ? my internet be not work since morning until now . please help . 
@ TMConnects Unifi not work . can not connect to the internet . dn server error . help ? thanks in advance . 
oshitt the worker crush the Unifi wire and I have no internet shiit -lrb- tweet use mobile internet -rrb- 
@ TMConnects both be fine . I can connect to my Unifi but it have the ' limited ' symbol . troubleshot the problem and it say -lrb- c -rrb- 
@ TMConnects hi . my Unifi ? good but unstable . always disconnect so its kinda annoying . any suggestion ? Unifi #tm 
be it I or Unifi be get slower by the day ? 
of course only now its back bloody Unifi playing with my emotion 
what the fuck Unifi ?! so lag . . lag then tm . . 
who else ' s Unifi can not function ? 
what be wrong with Unifi lately = = the line be be a bitch ugh 
@starfall : what be wrong with Unifi lately = = the line be be a bitch ugh agree ! 
zz Unifi why you do di like to make I piss ah 
@jiayiee can . . but my wan not Unifi . . haha . . dai lor today go you house so surprised ! 
really Unifi ? pay so much still lag like crap . 
my Unifi use to be lightning speed now its get so slow how can this be happen . 
@ TMConnects Unifi not as fast as before 
what be wrong with it ? @ tmconnect I couldnt go online for two day now ! Unifi 
Unifi be in fuck up mode be it ? ergh 
oh noo !! my new place not cover by @tmcorps Unifi ! @ TMConnects ! hear its will be only available in june14 ! please kill I ! 
oh noo !! my new place not cover by @ TMCorp Unifi ! @ TMConnects ! hear its will be only available in june14 ! please kill I ! 
can I freeze my Unifi since my new place not cover by Unifi @ TMConnects @ tmcorp 
what be wrong with the Unifi ? 
the fuck Unifi you can do not so cui ? 
@ TMConnects just receive sm from Unifi mention my problem occur due to network problem . but why my neighbour enjoy thier Unifi w / o problem . 
@ TMConnects be there any problem with the Unifi connection tonite ? my internet just do not work ?! 
Unifi . . why la . . why connection keep 3mbp then drop to 0 kbp then no internet access then need restart modem zz 
Unifi be get slower every fuxikng day 
Unifi be get slower every fuxking day 
@dmi93 Unifi be dead too ? 
ahh why be Unifi so slow 
@psychokuukie no Unifi where I live ! hahaha 
walao what the fuck happen to Unifi again so damn freak slow 
omgg !! fuck you Unifi !! 
Unifi be bitch now . . 
Unifi be so teruk right now . my lappy can not access to Unifi for four day already - . - ' the coverage area also be not same as it use to be . 
or Unifi maintenance do not giv notice . . tomorrow go call Unifi sue they 
the Wi-fi be not work properly be you fuck alright Unifi 
Streamyx be back on . just have to wait for the Unifi technician to come and fix the Unifi . fuck piss 
I do not like the Unifi router and what not . it be blergh ugly 
@kaihendry I do not think they have Unifi there yet mate . . truly encompass the spirit of malaysium boleh ! laugh out loud 
why be the Unifi so slow ? 
@moonlightziall nope nope . mine be em . . I do not know but not Unifi . heh 
apparently my 3g operate faster than Unifi . shame on you Unifi 
hey would you mind be faster @ Unifi 
my Unifi connection start to be really slow . vip10 okay why can not you be fast ? should I address to vip20 so that you will be fast ? 
@amirthegoklor : @falikhsarif @adlii Unifi also babi nowadays @ tmconnect 
I do not trust Unifi anymore ! 
fcuk this Unifi - - fine read book be better - - 
@ TMConnects hi there . I recently have a problem with my Unifi . . be kinda on and off . be there some kind of problem with the Unifi ? 
fuck stupid Unifi 
okay good . . character stuck again fcking Unifi o0o 
what wrong with #tm Unifi tonight ? effin slow . this be madness 
hacking Unifi router be soo easy 
seriously feed up bena ngan line internet kinek eh I want the frkin Unifi ah 
why do my Unifi so slow eh 
fuck Unifi be be a bitch . 
I love @ Hypptv but too bad the Unifi at home be super slow . #badluckcondoowners 
be Unifi under maintenance or something ? line be damn slow this 2 day . 
be anyone else ' s Unifi not work ?! or be this a klang thing again ? #internetjunkie 
bye bye Unifi I will not miss you 
@vishnuupanickar yeah la . remember she call you Unifi number like the fuck 
no more Unifi ? back to 3g 
@njmddn yes . but until season 2 . I cancel my Unifi . haha . 
fuck Unifi shortest cunt internet I have ever use !! fuck shit 
re - read this fic . drown in tear again . sleep . wake up early in e morning . work . when will I get my Unifi ? tm be work too slow . 
I do not understand my internet . . what ' s wrong with Unifi already . . 
early in the morning my mum tell I the Unifi digantung 
stupid Unifi make I use the expensive ? datum 
@firzadawson Unifi pon lembab . that suck 
Unifi not work again . . haiz 
phone and Unifi be very horrible today why 
due to fuck Unifi 
what the fuck Unifi . get you shit together . 
this bloody message come when the bloody Unifi turn -lrb- w / andy and anastasium at endah rium a 5 11 -lrb- alas -rrb- -rrb- -lrb- picture -rrb- 
aigoo mom be like ok no more astro and Unifi after this I cry 
shall wake up early tomorrow for faculty ' s wi-fi yang laju back Unifi tu . goodnight ? 
fuck Unifi I can not tahan any longer ? 
@yoannamun full ? I be still halfway . Unifi freak slow . haha 
go to sleep in a foul mood . fuck you Unifi . anyone know they twitter username please lem I know . 
why do my Unifi connection always get limit ? @ tmcorp 
do not make I feel like shooting you encik Unifi 
wake up to no electricity and my Unifi have be disconnect . bad day 
what do the lo red light on my modem mean ? why be you website lack a customer service number to call ? #tm Unifi @telekommalaysia 
@ TMConnects Unifi be down . I see a red light for lo on my modem . what should I do ? I can not get through to you customer sup number ! Unifi ? 
for the whole morning Unifi sot sot can not online 
haihh Unifi suck nowadays so sloww 
@tommygingerized hahah id be excite too brah . my house in mirus still no Unifi oso . : c 
@ TMConnects my Unifi modem down again . even the phone can not work . 
omyy no Unifi for 3 dayss 
hey get yo shit together @ Unifi 
@ tmconnect what the fuck of this speed for Unifi vip20 !! fix for few day then happen again . . 
@mvipsin cause my Unifi can not work ?? 
farhan ' s Unifi suck 
can I have 8minute 54second of uninterrupted youtube watch session ? gah Unifi !! 
I want to relax my mind . . but the internet speed be fuck ridiculous right now !! ? #slowestinternet #malaysia Unifi #tm 
scumbag Unifi keep disconnect when I be upstairs . 
@imanredza hahaa I be conquer the Unifi right now tp still slow nus . . do not know why . . 
@milkteass i be use Unifi so the m channel 
@haleem1979 let my Unifi contract expire first 
I be goign to register for Unifi in my area use my mum id 
connect to norhisam @ Unifi 
?? Unifi you make my heart race ?? 
abuse my Unifi 
check out my result ! what be you speed ? oh my god my Unifi speed up to 9.40 mbp 
@ tmcorp dear Unifi 
@bigdaddybunce i be wirh lenox on this one . top 6 h / w fight it out in a tornament and the winner fight wlad to Unifi belt . sound good to I 
terbaik gop Unifi nie . 4 movie bluray setel . and another 4 be come . ;-rrb- NN 
any of you yang nak tukar streamix to Unifi for free 
@nicholasaww then stop be one ?? ask you bro to change to Unifi 
currently connect to pokok Unifi . hee 
#nw elementry 2 . . subtitle bahasa indon ? what the fuck . . hey Unifi 
@ TMConnects we register Unifi tuesday and still no one have not come yet to fix ?? 
I feel like a adult now because Unifi call I yesterday and I deal with they on my own because mom and dad werent home . 
@exokaiholic yes if you subscribe Unifi and install hypp tv in you house 
@zeyrabangs I be loving life here . woohoo ! call Unifi !! 
@reika sun last time wheb I use streamyx it be so slow . I change to Unifi last week and I download 10 recording within 2min 
mlm dah start . . retweet if you a Unifi user and you can not watch it 
@michxllee why suddenly ? I think you Unifi speed be fine ? yayy thanks 
I forget the first month of the Unifi fee 
look forward to deploy my first @ubnt ac access point in my Unifi infrastructure ! 
provide I Unifi here and I will not go to sleep ?? 
@syaaiera : provide I Unifi here and I will not go to sleep ?? kat sinus ade Unifi . hihihus . 
but then again there be 23 device connect to the internet right now so I be sorry Unifi not you fault !! 
I need Unifi . . 
kepukimakkan Unifi . customer service be only during weekday . image have business that need the internet to do transaction on weekend . 
haiyer with Unifi at home 
@ tmconnect can I settle some password problem of my Unifi online ? but how ? 
@jocelynt98 no no . . if you get Unifi ly can watch 
so what movie should I watch since its Unifi urm 
@zhrhanm : so what movie should I watch since its Unifi urminsidious chapter 2 
be you serious Unifi ? 0.8 mbp 
@smfamoy no ! use a pc at my house la . no rm channel at Unifi . 
sigh why no Unifi for phone 
modern hometown have Unifi Wi-fi . plus every kid have a gadget laugh my ass off 
download ton movie start in 3 . . 2 . . 1 . . Unifi #torrent 
@aaron1797 good la I do not need 4g I get Maxis fibre internet itu good Unifi ? 
@fauziazizan @akashahzakaria yep boleh . lte and 4g be the same thing . long term evolution -lrb- lte -rrb- upload and dowload laju tahap Unifi . 
check out my result ! what be you speed ? #speedtest Unifi topspeed very important person 10 
so after my house change to Unifi a lot of people call we house ask be this crocodile rock ! we check online and we share the same num 
sham I connect to the papparich Unifi . everyone type the wrong password @shamitraann 
@xiaoying2210 need my help ? I use Unifi nia . . haha 
hotspot please this be yo last day that I need you service . tomorrow i be use Unifi so bij please cooperate 
it be not funny when someone turn off the Unifi seriously 
@ TMConnects you Unifi maintenance crew be come today . we 'll see how it go . 
@vatsalaraja job at tm Unifi call centre today nus start 
@ TMConnects how to do that ? yes this for Unifi . can I just call the Unifi team and maybe deal with y' all ? 
room to let master bed room aircond water heater Unifi rm 600 per month at suri puterus condo shah alam guy only tq 
@neenalock : room to let master bed room aircond water heater Unifi rm 600 per month at suri puterus condo shah alam :-rrb- NN guy only tq murah tuh ! 
hmm . . count power point need ! 1 for Unifi modem 
@ tmconnect ive call tmpoint and Unifi hotline . same answer . . no infra . tm report am0152283 . 7 day to reply . but the block beside can ??!! 
am I be ditch by Unifi . they say they would come 
I hope the rain do not interfere they work I need Unifi by today juga 
@vishnuguetta @luis99 g ah yes Unifi 
finally the Unifi people come ! 
Unifi customer service I need you help ! 
@sheadoherty15 that be what google map say : l its suppose to be beside Unifi be not it ? 
wait for Unifi to arrive so I can watch dhoom 3 . wimax suck ball man . 
too much stress on Unifi hahah what be life 
the only good channel on Unifi be syfy 
@ acat good luck ! although if you do not have long to go just serve it out and terminate . now phone also 4g already and house can Unifi 
@shea chyi I only get illustrator oh @@ indesign need to wait I get Unifi only can download > < 
lock myself out of the Unifi administrator by try -lrb- and fail -rrb- to install a ssl certificate . why it this so hard ?! 
ohh Unifi 
@baekhotss : mom even you turn off house Unifi 
? so do with Unifi Wi-fi router ? 
finally its Unifi 
why get Unifi ad wan ?? 
@aaliyamokhtar bbc lifestyle on Unifi tv 
laugh my ass off tweet with Unifi 
@ciksenah do Unifi fler come fix it ? 
Unifi 
@vvn 17 here Unifi !! must download 99 ? tomorrow back ~ 
@cikinn niqiysa ahahahaha time to change to Unifi ! or be you use ? owo download ! 
ahh !! finally ! can not believe I fix the Unifi Wi-fi myself ! praise allah ! 
I hear ' lunafly ' but its actually ' Unifi ' 
I just want a stable internet connection . please la Unifi 
@pidotpatrick : I just want a stable internet connection . please la Unifi 
I know I m outdate . I m . fix my Unifi 
harry potter marathon special for christmas on Unifi channel . 
@xchensdee warner tv . one of the channel from Unifi 
@cnn all religion do be divide not Unifi 
Unifi 
@syaurahridzwan : Unifi 
dear Unifi please be nice all de way do not get ruin dis night kay love yaa 
Unifi can you not 
@atheerahazmil @ashrafsoffian tak banyak lahh . go through hypp tv . hello Unifi user here 
@laifa96 wow Unifi jor keep movie wor haha 
@skerkdekirk sound like Unifi to I 
why Unifi 
@c9th3rin no no . . I have Unifi in ipoh . but when I leave 
@ TMConnects be you Unifi service in the desa parkcity area down ? 
@ tmconnect and can I cancel my Unifi even with the outstanding ? thanks . 
guess it be not only my Unifi 
@boon quan ecosway expire and xde Unifi dah = = 
@harishankar97 @spartanz9774 haa . go to someone ' s house that have Unifi and download it on you mac 
@cikraihana owhh tadus internet dium 123 . plus astro I pny be 120 . so total be 243 . cheaper than currently . since now Unifi I be 148 . hahaha . 
@ tmconnect sorus for not provide the info . but just a simple question . . do customer need 2go2 tmpoint for Unifi relocation . . ? 
@germaineshiwei lul who care ?? Unifi can not use meh ? laugh out loud 
dear Unifi 
@mynameistantina my mom forget to pay Unifi 
upload . still upload . where the Unifi ? 
@sophiannegoot buy the modem in hong kong lah . hong kong no Unifi or Streamyx meh ? #richpeople 
goodluck for you paper tomorrow !! I will be wait for -lrb- Unifi -rrb- you !! all the best ?? @b2utyvipshawol 
@naufalazize Unifi pulak . ye la sharing be care . happy neighborhood happy life laugh out loud 
I hope tomorrow my brother go pay Unifi 
@jeannilicious you Unifi ma . . so how you call ? 
seriously suggest to I selain Unifi and UMobile which service provider to use in kajang . the -lrb- cont -rrb- 
@ tmconnect I know that if I register online for Unifi 
hmm . . should I setup up auto debit for my @ MaxisComms bill ? and also @tmcorps Unifi bill too ? hmm . . 
Unifi dec bil dah setel . now UMobile bill plak . #tgif 
anyone use Unifi ap ' s before ? 
have anyone try call Unifi service centre ? my goodness . . lembab gilum . still be put on hold while I tweet 
@ tmconnect try 2 sign up for Streamyx or Unifi via you website but I be go round in circle . can I do it w / out visit you shop ? please adv 
Maxis fibre or Unifi ? putcha hand up yoo . 
kennot already Unifi whyy 
should I go or not ? lazy to drive . but Unifi go to stop if I do not go . zzz 
change Unifi hahah !! get mhd watch 
@ tmconnect @yyching94 you should ask yourself what happen to everyone ' s Unifi 
@syiefasuhaimi wokayy awak but awak guna Unifi tak ? nantus bilum bilum bolehlaa call call en . haha . okay I will read you direct message then 
@ MaxisListens . . I be use a Maxis fibre . . previous you engineer connect it with modem belong to Unifi . . 
upgrade vip5 to vip10 + sport pack . the catch : contract will reset back to 2 year . relocation fee rm300 be abolish though Unifi 
Unifi @perdana a get jealous becoz I choose Unifi @perdana c now both of they leave pity I !! 
@ MaxisListens . . previous installation you engineer use Unifi modem to connect internet . today I retrn it . my Maxis fibre no connection . please help 
finally Unifi heh 
@ MaxisListens I have fill up tm Unifi form . . 
keep calm and let wait until Unifi be available at you place . . 
test a couple of Unifi #wifiap -lrb- ubiquitus -rrb- 
@faysern that be why . get ta download everything before I leave for syd . ahh Unifi ?? 
@alessandra kho you have Unifi at home ? 
can my comp connect to the Unifi before I flip everything 
@kennychong94 tm say only jelapang and tambun can install Unifi . 
okay . bye laptop ! bye Unifi ! I will miss you . 
@qiang20 come stay with I . . get Unifi 
give I Unifi pleasee 
@cc dkp @mubix be pleased w / Unifi at office . biggest drawback be the controller interface require java . 
@ant luu not too sure either . I use Unifi and sometimes it be very fast but sometimes it be very slow 
@kendall joe 23 after Unifi reach we new house 
@baekingcakes ohh oh noo I be not sure cuz we be still in church but we call Unifi yest and they say it 'll be fix in 24 hr ? t t 
@soonsuyi see you tomorrow you know teatime get Unifi ma ?? 
finally Unifi ?? 
if only ada Wi-fi Unifi yg laju gilum nk matus I would have open 15 stream in the same time ok . same timee haih I wan na cryy 
I be go to get a broadband next year if my mom still not go to change to Unifi ! 
or should I call abang Unifi to fix this problem hahaha 
the Unifi wan wait after 3 day 
@shorty hwa haha . Unifi be like this de . . 
@ 1obefiend yup still get Unifi biz 20 dynamic ip at home at rm315 monthly extra 10 mbp from Maxis hehehe total 30 mbp at home #lulz 
my home ' s Unifi 
@tontonmy I have do it . . either on lte or Unifi it be still same . . 
you need Unifi ?! but 
@yupxiang why be so many people stay near school . o . o be not you suppose to be use Unifi dy ? laugh out loud 
nothing like have to redo a Unifi controller that be work for 4 week and now be just a brick . 
girl be you use Unifi cause I can see that clear connection between we 
Unifi #waiting 4exam #tired #termosifone #pen #draw 
@cwkc93 haha I be wait for Unifi the . I realize that it s no use since there s a quota 
@athiraahrosli f Maxis . maybe we should have a try and error for Unifi trololol hehe 
@youknowdila alright babe . or else I can also call you when I be in bangus . I will be go back on monday . there kan unifi 
@ hypptv I have 2 have Unifi in order 2 get hypptv rite ? where do I check whether my area have Unifi . currently on Streamyx 
yeay !! kat Unifi dh ade cite the conjuring 
why Unifi whyy 
why Unifi also beh eh . = = 
dear Unifi line 
birdus will warn you when you re breathe nasty air : although the chinese government believe that smog Unifi . . 
yeehee for fiber optic internet connection ! now its like Unifi 
change Unifi . haha . do not need pay myself 
oh wow . just finish the entire family guy season 11 download in 5 hour . it be nth impressive if I be use Unifi in kl but I be use Streamyx . 
@asri darus bgoslah . . that more better because Unifi pown ade channel citer2 gak . . beeter change it . . haha 
hmm . what to do with this Unifi and Maxis 4g line ? any suggestion ? 
nuke use the new camera tracker feature in nuke 8 - sphere vfx ' s matt leonard take a look at the newly Unifi . . 
can not figure out why none of my sister update they ig with new pic . Unifi rosak ke hape ? I want picture of ehan @najia naser @nxrdeena 
oh yeah finally good try Unifi 
if I have Unifi 
@ysuffauzi maybe tm employee ? the people who invent Unifi ? come on lah ucup . 
@chkyau still have yet to give I the Unifi password . . I want to see the interstellar trailer 
@rouminrm you use Unifi be it ? 
Unifi connected downloading mode : on 
#breaking video : wwe provide top 10 unification match : wwe have provide a top 10 best Unifi . . #teamfollowback 
oh my god Unifi be gay 
@luqmansaleh i be use Unifi ! that be the thing that make I wan na explode at this hour . tk kerja 
@eiiybrah my internet x ckup laju for live stream . you guna Unifi kan surelyy 
my home have Unifi the problem be my mom do not wan na give I the pw ftw . 
@wwevacant be go to end up be the Unifi . . excuse I . . the champion of champion tonight 
just finish take exam for Unifi job . I hope I get it !! 
@vincemcmahon how can you let this happen that be not best for business @randyorton do not deserve to be Unifi . champ . I love @johncena 
@adiazudin yup . you can e - mail to Unifi @tm . com . my 
uncle zaidus ' s Unifi be a saver ? 
box be here . time to start pack up . tomorrow drag mum to tmpoint and get the Unifi account move . 
I no register online at Unifi website 
Unifi in just two day . wont let my laptop out of my hand . mehehehe . 
@ tmconnect I just recive a sm from Unifi 
if Unifi I also can use over limit then I very geng already 
@nabilanuar I be 24hrs online . pakaus Unifi . so mmg tak pernah tutup except travel 
ya la tu great vacation . ada Unifi and can shopping . but freedom be not free . I have to scrub this wear down house clean first . 
@umbongouk lookin4a sponsor at my next defence of the tit and nobconk off worldtitle hopin2 Unifi the division with the prat belt . interested ? 
@yusril221 hi yusril . I currently dah subscribe Unifi since I stay in jb . takut kalau you jauh nak dtg sinus . sorry and thanks anyway 
sorry lo Unifi super awesome one ^ . ^ wont spoil one yoohh ^ ^ 
@fifjunsu i get Unifi . you jelly ? 
@yong lin97 you come tgt with we sure better than stay at home Unifi and jzd 
nokium camera application come to low - end and mid - range lumia in beta form : the nokium camera application Unifi . . via @gsm arena 
anyone out there experience any Unifi problem ? 
ray need to come home soon ! need he Unifi to download ' the heir ' . currently live will internet . #whatboyfriendsarefor 
@natsaiful its with my bro . you know wat I esok pergi office my mom -lrb- ada Unifi -rrb- ill watch it tmorrow and we spazz fanboygirl discuss semua 
@ipfareeza just arrive home . torrent use Unifi in the evening and gaming at night . haha . . tire . 
wait Unifi to be install . . 
wait for Unifi 
@ tmconnect when will the Unifi work in keramat area ? 
I dun ask for Unifi but please 
@memeranglaut ada . they call I about this before but I be bind to Unifi contract for another year . 
@yunnaser Unifi should make small portable wi-fus dongle -lrb- -lrb- be that wht you call it -rrb- -rrb- like the size of a power bank that would be amazing 
bye bye people ?? it be time for multiplayer ghost since mom have settle down Unifi bill ?? 
bye bye people ?? it be time for multiplayer ghost since mom have settle down Unifi bill ?? 
god bless my Unifi ada jual cerita 1d this be we . oh my god . @raniaazz 1d @layla qistina @milyxx @therealsarah47 @rxuhlsya lai lai . 
and the fuck Unifi speed be back to normal . . aman for that . . woo 
@adamtam boo Unifi in kl still no official quota yet . miss my 20mpb line laugh out loud . 
@soundofrevenge you have Unifi at home now ?? dayumm i be go to go over to download stuff laugh out loud 
@leanndratan you call la then . after 10 :30 kot . call my Unifi . kbye . 
@mohdshamsuri you Unifi at home work these day ? 
tomorrow Unifi so can download mucore perf 
bile internet mobile anda lagus laju dr Unifi walaupun quota dh abis 
do anyone else ' s Unifi die ? 
@raniaazz 1d dium kan keluar kat iklan Unifi right ? suddenly I hear one direction song play and I scream I look at tv its they agagaga 
make Unifi those prepare mother die 
I blame you super - fast Unifi which lead I to various interesting and tempting website #opps 
@raniaazz 1d I see niall . I be still a nialler as I say before . . do you have Unifi ? cause I wan na buy it here yeayy 
abit high and jakun cause of the Unifi in the bus lololol noobie I 
@zafirahaisyahz 1 wash machine . no dryer . 2 tv . no astro no Unifi . 3 kid . 1 ps3 2 notebook . 2 ipad . 
@yusril221 dah daftar dah online hehehe x submit lagus document dium so get Maxis and Unifi in 1 house we will see which one better #lulz 
@brendanchu you say you house Unifi 20 
mmm . . this Unifi technician guy must be a gym type of guy . . strong lean arm . . yep biceps and triceps and he shoulder . cc : @erny eduardo 
@martinkoh7 Unifi 20 do not mean 20 download speed you house Unifi 10 also will not be 10 download speed both we house 6 -900 + kb / s 
@brendanchu mine be 1.1 k laugh out loud that be why mine be Unifi 10 
Unifi back on after a day down . . lega . . baru relise how much the net effect we daily life . . 
@ tmconnect why Unifi so slow today ? laugh out loud 
this Unifi guy be superb 
two day till Unifi 
how sad my life . my house have Unifi but my mom do not let I know the pw . I have to use 3g everyday ftw . 
remember the time you complain to Unifi ? yeeaapp 
@ TMConnects Unifi ade call bgtau promo to upgrade frm 5 to 10mbps by pay extra of rm30 for monthly . promo nus last for several month or what ? 
@are fixx Unifi ada world cup ? 2014 worldcup baus hahaha 
@karr mun @kei981103 for Unifi only la hengg 
@tasnimrazi what Unifi channel be that 
what happen to Unifi ? 
@rajsimrankaurr all I see be kalvant @ Unifi 
must watch ' let ' s eat ' once I get my Unifi back #desperate 
be Unifi down or something ? 
@missjessicajung hahahahahah too fabulous for Unifi arent we . ah which part of malaysium 
* claphandz * I pay so much for Unifi 
the biggest mouth at Unifi have to sit with I at break #whyme 
@nicwyj I think you call since you be Unifi hahah 
I say to my dad '' dad I be scare '' and he reply '' its ok if you fail but . . I be go to cut off the Unifi and astro '' 
@taengogi ok I will read this tonight haha semalam depa off Unifi 
sometimes I wonder why Unifi at home always reach 2mbp max vip20 kot while at here can reach 10mbp easily . 
my dad never turn off the Unifi 
laugh my ass off if my internet connection it be go to be like that tomorrow I will burn down Unifi 
please be all alright with the Unifi . I need to download !! 
I know I live in a haunt house . but pleasee . can ' you ' move to another place . so I can connect to Unifi easily . 
after a month at Unifi my conclusion be : white people be lazy as fuck 
we secret agent could choose you next ! tweet we pic in you Unifi shirt and be aware of you surroundings ! #au 2013 #discoverunifi 
2morrow be final day of #au 2013 . we be give away a new ipad ! get catch wear a Unifi shirt and you could win ! #discoverunifi 
what be connection you use . . it ' s broadband or Unifi broadband 
winner dan mulvey ! hope you wear you Unifi t - shirt . stop by the @inviewlabs booth 2 pick 1 up ! #discoverunifi 
@ tmconnect I try to register strmyx 8mbp then it show my place be Unifi ready . after check coverage for Unifi 
housemate need . one spot leave . merdeka villa ampang . deposit can nego . house half furnished . equip with Unifi . monthly rm136 . retweet please . 
Unifi be here . kinda late but another step forward 
whoaa . . abn xcess neh provide 10mbp internet + cable tv just for rm98 .99 ?? rest in peace Unifi Streamyx Maxis 
batu pahat ada Unifi ka @nfkhaleesaa : dad I think we need to buy uni - fus because my video will not keep go 
@sushikris @tinkaibell if get Unifi can watch ? 
@drwufan @sushikris I do not even know how to tengok any Unifi punya channel 
@tinkaibell @drwufan you Unifi not connect to a tv ah 
@sushikris @tinkaibell on Unifi just end 20 minute ago ? 
gua addict to Unifi !! 
@adaazya @ xoxoexoka exist if you have Unifi channel m 
need to change the connection . be Unifi do good ? hmm hmm . 
why my Unifi router takda power ?! yg lie ok tapus for wi-fi tkda . adoi help I 
@ tmconnect retweet @jenaljajani : why my Unifi router takda power ?! yg lie ok tapus for wi-fi tkda . adoi help I 
well now that I actually have Unifi 
@nurulaisyahh its on Unifi punya tv not astro 
@aarghfah @annazeerah Unifi Wi-fi + fully charge tablet + bluetooth headphone = internet be mine !! 
@wensoncheng only 4 person share . . will be very expensive if we change to Unifi . . 
my dear Unifi 
@cs sera why I no application . sob . its good you in hostel . I not Unifi eue mom will off it when she be sleep -lrb- -rrb- 
@akeemanuar : ohh no . . this wi-fus again fcuke up with I ! gunalah Unifi 
yayerz ! the internet be back ! demmit how can Unifi lose they own connection in house do ? 
what the fuck the Unifi can use when I be about to sleep . and now the line be back 
final day of #au 2013 . we be give away a ipad today ! be you wear you Unifi shirt ? #discoverunifi 
man Unifi 
finally Unifi in the house !! 
the irony when you dad be one of the people responsible choose the place to install Unifi . heh 
@yasmineyusoff sale assistant utk Unifi headquarter 
@ubnt Unifi access point be the real deal . get one now 
@rodney7702 @littlenicho @officialphoebee when I get Unifi ok 
I alone upstairs with these 3 guy from Unifi . . 
the needful a cheap rest point ? line thy las vegas natural world ticket yet capacity with straight a Unifi . . 
it be Unifi 
ever since I have get Unifi 
@ TMConnects any update Unifi for 1120 park avenue ? 
just give I a iphone and Unifi !! 
it be not just wi-fi it be Unifi 
@jwamadon hahaha . kak limah get ask I password Unifi . want to online facebook she say . 
kampung overseas by the sea holiday vaycay and I be here ' yay Unifi ' 
@sirdomhustle you have to understand artist like klassik and Unifi reach out to we . again 
@ tmconnect I could not recall my Unifi account number . . what should I do ? 
@weywenn hmm ~ I be not sure . you know many place here needa pay parking fee ~ so I dunno = . = goodlah you can watch rm ~ you use Unifi ? 
@anissuhailaa oh yes you have Unifi oh . tlg download invictus 
router mission do ! hopefully Unifi ok la loas ni huu 
youtube buffering o . o Unifi - . - t 
I want Unifi in unimas then I will be happy . be that too much to ask ? 
Unifi uncle or Unifi worker do not mention I please 
perk of be at home : Unifi 
where get Unifi 
@chantellelum you get back you internet ? I be a Unifi hater 
@unifitmnet do Unifi work with apple ' s airport extreme / ariport time capsule ? 
eee once I search Unifi there be a lot of binbin say stupid stuff ee I despise 
mum please go pay the Unifi bill 
what be up with Unifi ? ?? 
after use Unifi 
office Unifi 
@netrakl try to reach azleen on gmail and Unifi both not answer . other email ? 
Unifi will be install jst for a few hour . 
by lianaklose kursus Unifi with @shyikenjamil via photorepost app 
luckily I have change my Unifi router to asus modem router . 
since I have Unifi connection I be go to download dmmd . probably 
wow much wednesday such Unifi 
@saladinmy so far Streamyx be quite consistent . . not sure about Unifi . . 
@saladinmy so far Streamyx be quite consistent . . not sure about Unifi . . same too with I . 
ok Unifi laugh out loud 
@shaunfernandezz Unifi guy come to you house ? 
Unifi 
I be use Unifi yet there be stagnancy in my usage . 
@ TMConnects tq . be there demand list form for Streamyx ? you give be for Unifi 
@sofeaariessa hahahaha . yes I do and thank you . . buy Unifi la ! 
be you Unifi yet ? want register ? direct message I : * 
want fastest wi-fus ? buy you own Unifi lah . @ starbuck : #foursquare 
awesome swag router to replace the old Unifi router ! courtesy of #asusmalaysia #boostmynetwork 
447 of Unifi bill . haizz 
enjoy 20mbp Unifi at aunt ' s place . mirin ? jelly ? haha 
@kavilan bro you want Unifi compatible or just spare router ? 
@aar whyeee slr . . Unifi wat hal plk ~ aisy . . hahaha not grave but hole . . so genius 
hello Unifi 
if Unifi be a person 
after have Unifi 
you just need multiple wi-fus card to merge few line of Unifi and make it one . . then send straight to my pc . . 
you what happen oh Unifi 
@msyazone seday sangat I ~ ~ I love internet more than people that make I sick . Unifi ~ ~ 
gente in ansium all ' #unifi thumbs up 
spend the night watch carrie diary ? I be start to love my night but I need a Unifi oh god 
what with my Unifi 
not sure leh ah yao . . tomorrow get people come fix Unifi zz . . 
@natalieehh I guess Unifi have not be install ? 
kudos to ro @ tmcorp for help we to get back we internet -lrb- Unifi -rrb- 
oh my god Unifi what happen !?? 
fuck lapsap Unifi I want watch drama suddenly can not use . : . 
someone come to my house to install Unifi 
@ tmconnect why can not do register in Unifi web ? 
Unifi Unifi 
@aaron1797 @ash1898 I do not know la Unifi get up and downs 
@jiayiilow Unifi what promo now ? 
eventhough hujan stay strong Unifi ? 
@ TMrewards how to make a tmreward registration on Unifi account if I forget the telephone nmber due to unused of the home phone service ? 
Maxis unlimited vvip plan double berbaloi drpd Unifi dan Streamyx 4g support 
@lianchiawei yameh I do not know how to use syoiknow Unifi can watch hd porn dy 
@high xd i use Unifi 10mbp ma 
dear Unifi please . . I have so many thing to read . I really need you good co - operation . 
lmbt gile wi-fus . . kne install Unifi dlm bilk . . 
@kwangminadiaa get Unifi already ? at home now ? they be so funny rite ?? kate nk album art ~ 
give the @ubnt Unifi 2.4 ghz ap a shot this week . level above my other ap . I wait too long to put it into use ! 
why I get three tax charge in Unifi bill ? 
@mecheeloong laugh out loud what a way yo live life after spm . so you be not use Unifi before this ? 
@ TMConnects how do I make a international call on Unifi ? can not seem to connect 
@ TMConnects my new housing area at section 23 shah alam . still do not have access to Unifi / streamyz ? do it take age to set up ? 
anyone ade contact or know someone who can do Unifi installation . loc : bukit subang . as soon as possible . thanks 
> uitm > Unifi > wireless internet access this just bring jelly to another level ! 
should I unifi my home connection or should I just change my Streamyx package ? currently I feel cheat with the price that I be pay 
@aliciayanq there be Unifi in some part of kuch right ? in kl now . meet mr . hollingsworth at lcct ! fly off tonight . 
@jackycjq hahaha get Unifi confirm download hd wan ma hahaha later tab can only support wma then good game 
@yusril221 thanks . but if I require any pemasangan for Unifi 
roul chaus Unifi lw . . sure busy 
@yusril221 than Unifi laa . . 4 day tu include saturday and sunday . . 
so apparently Unifi be no more available in my condo . but guess what ? 1gb of datum ! ?? 
so apparently Unifi be no more available in my condo . but guess what ? 1gb of datum ! ?? 
@ tmcorp Unifi #fabfridaytm #whotheman #teammsiaboleh 
@ tmcorp tm Unifi booth #fabfridaytm tmreward #whotheman 
@ tmcorp tm Unifi booth #fabfridaytm tmreward #whotheman . . 
@ tmcorp Unifi #fabfridaytm #whotheman #teammsiaboleh 
I need Unifi 
@imhak oh Unifi tv I watch it only because of thea queen . how much a month for the Unifi tv ? 
tsk what be Unifi ? I just cnt 
exo and shinee . #love #fast Unifi #exo #shinee #live #gayodaejun 
@wansammar I guna Unifi neighbour I laugh out loud 
yelum th saturday mama pasang Unifi my hard and toil finally pay off ily mom 
please let I enjoy my football stream smoothly can mou Unifi ?! 
I want my laptop and my Unifi rn I need to see all the precious diamond . 
@ tmconnect check please Unifi availability on this address -- > sungaus rokam 31350 ipoh perak 
@ thesamster hrm what time ? I would love to but some dude be come to get my Unifi fix later so I get to stay home 
@ TMConnects what be the price for Unifi w / o hypp tv ? 
@ tmconnect I need help with relocation of my Unifi line to the next building 
and there be Unifi on the tree what do ya expect black kid 
if lte have the same problem then what be the point of have internet ? do not get I start on Unifi as well . 
anyone selling Unifi compatible router and wireless ap ?? #wtb 
since the first day mom install Unifi until presence idek what be the wi-fi password seriously fml get ta kill I people 
@sispecial daddy should go ! I cant even check the service line and complaint ! the fuck weih Unifi get stick at the board - band geh 
Unifi please la behave 
@ tmconnect please make Unifi line at we area as soon as possible . . klang utama . I really feed up with streamyx ! 
how be it like be a Unifi promoter ah ? 
@biancdanierock theyre Unifi promoter ? haha 
@biancdanierock do antony even use Unifi ? 
@whomyd xpow download pom bare ado Unifi . . 
today ' s plan : go to tm point settle Unifi 
@ TMConnects last week recieve call frm tm say that I register for Unifi . but I already sibscribe Unifi . this time use other name . 
finally Unifi be do fix !! 
home ! settle sudah bayar Unifi and beli lauk . time to start the atkin ' s diet ? 
@yitingc laugh out loud Unifi ! go back already ? 
it appear my Unifi ap have be deliver 
neighbour ' s Wi-fi have more signal bar than my own house wi-fus . Streamyx lousy to the max . at least give my house Unifi coverage la ugh 
@unifitmnet please assist as my Unifi stb be out of order . . my account number be 1012845275 
@mb yap @waihong98 why suddenly mention Unifi ? 
@xs seorin @waihong98 you seriously need Unifi because you line be too short : be 
wazzup with ze Unifi connexion . . 
@unifitmnet please assist as my Unifi stb be out of order . . my account number be 1012845275 
@azekaa but now you have Unifi 
@ tmconnect please assist as my Unifi stb be out of order . . my account number be 1012845275 
finally fix the Unifi for my phone phew 
@avinaashgk 96 eh when ' s you ultrafast Unifi come ? 
part 2 later better do not lag Unifi 
walao . what happen with the Unifi again o ?! 
the perk of use Unifi 
@amaliahhassan : the perk of use Unifi 
force my god damn Unifi to go full 1080p on youtube just for igab mv . 
dad ask I to call Unifi on my own . . help i be not brave enough 
it would be great if I have unlimited Unifi datum 
like I care nk off Unifi 
brun for the last and Unifi for the last time 
@audrey 820 change soon seriously worth it compare to Unifi now 
@charmaine jy96 haha . he get house phone ? normally Unifi house phone to house phone free lor 
@helloiamkalyn if I have Unifi . . tt 
finally have Unifi ? 
I lose hope on iium community . . can not wait for Unifi ~ 
Unifi #is #lyfe 
Unifi cust service I respect . helpful . 
home : fix the electrical wiring wtv . . cafe : install Unifi . . I think the only place I can sleep be in the car 
@ tmconnect I have apply for Unifi at tm point uptown with khairol 
@ TMConnects hi any promotion for new Unifi subscription ? tq 
wait Unifi at my home . 
even Unifi can not compete with polarlight picture . wait the picture to completely appear on screen be never fun 
@nurhanihussin @fatimahzainal it work okay sometimes call Unifi ! or delete you wi-fus darus phone you pastu connect balik 
@kaiitian I usually go for dailymotion . if you have Unifi 
nak Unifi ke Maxis home fibre eh ? 
my Unifi be off I do not know who be internet I be connect too I 
where be my Unifi ? 
go to use that girl Unifi to download tomorrow 
hm . . nite2 bye . til the day Unifi come to my house to plug in the wi-fus for mee !! 
I get see he Unifi the belt a become ringside golden boxer 
@dszp @jeremygood if you like Unifi you will like mfus . I need to check out the #smartthings gear 
ahad nus Unifi will be connect with my house 
338520 - - move net - mgmt / Unifi to net - mgmt / unifi3 - update port to 3.1 . 9 Unifi 3 . x be . . 
oredy pay my dem Unifi bill . first problem solve . next ! 
@ tmconnect 1st month for a Unifi holder be free be it ? 
@zzeed do not even need to go to alternative service provider . you will get those item even if you reapply to Unifi 
@farismojo @fatinfloridaa @mirul ozil10 oh basically dia macam unifi la ye ? pakaus cable fiber optic for internet and tv . 
@ tmconnect I see ive not receive my Unifi bill so that mean my 1st month be free 
@ tmconnect actually I do call Unifi center 
oh shitz !! @ TMConnects how I can know whether the Unifi coverage in a particular condo available or not ?? 
@damienchx wahh so mafan de ah . I think last week you say 1 week later then get Unifi liao ? 
kemon faster please Unifi cant wait 
@fizahrashid I have Unifi haha 
do not lag . . Unifi !! do not jail 
some good alternative to Unifi router @asusmy 
the Unifi installer be only come on monday ? 
good guide on how to flash openwrt -lrb- step - by - step -rrb- for @ TMCorp Unifi @eskahn #tech 101 
remember when you flash Unifi to a custom firmware 
basically 20 % chance of brick it - again take all the precaution step first @p1r0sh1k1 which I will tweet shortly #tech 101 Unifi 
if you want to flash you Unifi to #ddwrt make sure you connect it via lan -lrb- cable -rrb- and make sure no power black - out etc #tech 101 
why openwrt / dd - wrt - you can use the usb port in you Unifi router to share external hard disk across network #tech 101 Unifi 
let I know once you have flash you router to openwrt etc #tech 101 Unifi 
wonder when Unifi be go to be usable again 
the ' fix ' for Unifi hack you want to disable remote management 
process setup the whole network with streamyx + ddwrt be simple . tp dgn Unifi 
haha that be more like it Unifi 
338567 - welcome net - mgmt / unifi2 to the tree Unifi 2 . x be the current stable relea . . 
@rovingfly damn do you know if they have fibre Unifi here ? every wi-fus doesn t work or have adsl 
@thisameeraratha aniya pun pakaus Unifi . its the same . you download je . by tthe time you go back . it 'll finish . 
#vulnalert cve - 2013 -3572 -lrb- Unifi -rrb- #cyber #security 
and my Unifi router have burn . look like it be mobile internet for the next couple of day . 
and Unifi be back on suddenly what the fuck 
have to use #openvpn look like Unifi and Streamyx block pay to play to subscribe go to 
I do not know be the Unifi problem or wat ? 
we be get Unifi soon 
new pakage that can generate money from prepay . Celcom Maxis Digi UMobile #yes Unifi 
new pakage that can generate money from prepay . Celcom Maxis Digi UMobile #yes Unifi . click here >> 
what the fuck my bro get tuition for one week once then can get Unifi zz 
do that make any sense ? what now do I need 90gb quota a month . or just need to patch Unifi unlimited quota to my phone 
lunch time . . at last I get to sit . . and online with Unifi 99 . . 
@sopheae wtv . mm pun sure lembab . sesma should get Unifi ah . . but Wi-fi at the boy ' s hostel be not bad . 
do anyone know where to find unifi agent or what . I need to instal Unifi > < 
dear Unifi 
I be wait the moment when car have install its own wi-fus or Unifi . 
I make a grave error -- sorry guy . here ' s how to prevent a Unifi hack #unifihack 
nak Unifi or Streamyx !!? call I . . and I will help you . . Unifi Streamyx 
@yingxian 96 laugh out loud . people use Unifi d la 
@chernwey low @peigeonn streamyx back in kelantan lor now my aunt ' s place Unifi meh 
@ 0423huius here tm I think . my house Unifi already use to the speed . next week all come back I ki siao liao . 
@aryssafahmy it come with Unifi which I assume you have ! it be like tv but through the internet 
as expect from Celcom . . I be always exceed my bandwidth . . where be Unifi or Streamyx in lukut when you need one hmm ? 
yaa finally have Unifi ?? 
@ tmconnect when be tm go to call I about come to my house to check if I have a Unifi cable install ? -lrb- I just shift house -rrb- 
I hate you retweet @bitemeann : my Unifi be back woohoo ! elementary be on tonight ! 
@khjoyee why not you buy Unifi for I as present ba liao 
finally Unifi back on 
@fuurizero @anjerasu well if it be Unifi 
ayah marah2 dapat bil eletrik panjang 90cm . dei macha ! you 24hour use Unifi . 24hour on fridge and 17 device need to be charge everyday 
I need Unifi . . 
uncle ' s Unifi be be discriminant to my laptop . finee ! 
@chris19xavier then you Unifi be make in china 
want to request a demo of Unifi ? head over to and #discoverunifi . follow we at @discoverunifi for upcome update ! 
it be like as if I can smell the home Unifi and astro beyond ! 
trainee pass for Unifi centre . . #nervous #exited #focus 
I be go to stream some'in cause I get Unifi in my own crib ~ * thiftshop rhythm on the go ! 
wowzer ! retweet @tommygingerized : I be go to stream some'in cause I get Unifi in my own crib ~ * thiftshop rhythm on the go ! 
@tmconnectsi have be receive sm recently state I have make my payment for my Unifi bill etc . I do not have a Unifi account . please advise . 
@ tmconnect I have be receive sm recently state I have make my payment for my Unifi bill etc . I do not have a Unifi account . please advise 
hopefully next week Unifi masuk 
I be seriously consider Unifi like seriously . 
I can do it ! slide a nous due ? #slides Unifi #testpsicologici #maledetteslides #leferiesonfinite 
seriously Unifi ? I be like 2 foot away frm the modem 
exam be come this friday Unifi HyppTV 
I be happy girl . Unifi be on ! 
fast like Unifi 
I wish I have Unifi and use the unlimited wi-fus 
reunite with my god - bless Unifi 
Unifi = my girlfriend . see the important of Unifi to I . . 
what be wrong with my wi-fus ?! its time like these where I wish I have Unifi : / 
I need Unifi now . Streamyx be very shitty now 
stay up at my old unit last night I will miss Unifi ~ 
@huihuingoo I do . strong Unifi connection . 
@nirendra alien yea Unifi also good !! thumbs up yours change la dei ? 
yay !! finally use Unifi 
this place ' s Wi-fi use Unifi laugh out loud unlike other shop wow 
yayy tomorrow we be get Unifi be that how you spell it ? 
have to walk this far just to do the online check in ugh . cant go back home and enjoy the Unifi to the fullest again haha 
have to walk this far just to do the online check in ugh . cant wait to go home and enjoy the Unifi to the fullest again haha 
blk pack brg . blk rmh ayh lang . heaven of Unifi there . cheongdamdong 11 ep 4 
I wan na change my wi-fus to Unifi 
fast and furious Unifi speed and good food and not to forget a big heaven bed 
how fast do you fall in love ? as fast as Unifi 
I miss kl house ' s Unifi when load movie laugh out loud . 
at last my Unifi be on . . so fast and furious 
@rashid ayam Unifi start tomorrow xde fuck my life !! 
when you have Unifi and youtube and nouman alus khan then know surely that you be happy ? sobahul khair 
frustrated with the current 3g line . selayang be not a good place to use Maxis 3g . I miss Unifi . 
the only thing nice here be Unifi ; ; 
rumah dah pasang Unifi I wan na go home rn please I beg you 
finally Unifi be up ! 
no doubt Unifi thousand better than Streamyx . 
I hope there be Unifi in my house but it do not debut lolxx 
yes ! house finally get Unifi ! 
free Unifi be awesome and make my day happy 
@jnogdaed no I be not laugh out loud I have Unifi in my house laugh my ass off I just mean unless you have wi-fi youre not so boring then 
@arsyaeffasabari duhh my internet not that fast as Unifi hahahaha later lah I watch it 
means tomorrow I can call telecom to get Unifi . yay . no more crappy wi-fus . 
yess nan finally have Unifi . now there something to do at she house 
download a 8gb file with a average of 10kbp download speed . I need Unifi ? 
I miss my bed and Unifi so much laugh out loud 
life be hard without no Unifi > ~ < . . #nointernetlife #adaptingback #oldlife 
life be hard without Unifi > ~ < #backtooldlife #nointernet 
Unifi I love you 
I want home . I want Unifi . I want my bed . I want pewdiepie . I want I want . 
I have a good neighbour . -lrb- left side -rrb- love my neighbour so much . muahaha . . she give I she Unifi password . 
ohh mann I would prefer Unifi > streamyx 
I be finally on my internet at home and it be outrageous how fast my Unifi be . too long no internet already . ; ; 
I miss my high speed Unifi 
cepatlah tukar Unifi . I cant stand this anymore 
watch tiu just now because Unifi get highlight for the month and I be still lovin every single part of it 
@fadhrainbow @kantaabil Unifi je . include phone . free call ke fix line 
nothing can beat Unifi laa 
@fawwazamir40 nothing can beat Unifi laa . . 
home be where Wi-fi connect automatically . ahh miss you Unifi 
yay theyre here they be fix we Unifi I be cry this be such a beautiful moment 
yo finally Unifi in the house ! 
loving Unifi and the tv channel . I get to watch football in the room hehe . too bad there be only 1 korean channel . 
really need Unifi to watch movie in hd 
might hafta consider Unifi or something for le apartment . . 
@melanieymx oh yeah Unifi ! create distraction like switch it once you flush the toilet ! real fast 
new internet in a few day . god bless Unifi 
Unifi #ap ftw ! blanket my whole home with #wifi very soon ! 
woohoo my Unifi be get upgrade soon xd . . well . . I hope it change a lot though = . = . . 
@iam wenning mehh go change to Unifi la . all you tweet be bout streamyx laugh out loud 
finally !! my Unifi come back alive !! yeahh !! 
oh . . I want my Unifi back too 
before this pakaus Unifi . connection laju . and I try to change it to Maxis 
luckily change Unifi 
oh . . I want my Unifi back too 
this slow connection really coerce we to change to Unifi . good job tm wi-fus . 
santa give I Unifi free till you die please . 
but I plan to apply Unifi 
download 5gb . I need Unifi please . 
older just brother buy a ps4 . now we just wait for we Unifi 
jyeahh Unifi dah okay 
oh my Unifi . . how I have miss thee . . hahahah 
can I really hope for a connection ? yes Unifi still can be connect but half the price of you bill 
I miss you sissy . come home pallus I need you Unifi :--lrb- NN -lrb- 
please change we internet line to Unifi 
@atheerahazmil hahaha kan ?? I think that Unifi be better than astro sometimes ? only thing be takde football ? 
less than 24 hour and I already miss Unifi . I seriously do . 
wa Unifi eat wrong what medicine . so fast 1 the connection 
can not wait to get back tomorrow to use my Unifi ? internet in penang I get be at 512kb ? 
I wish I can move the Unifi home too . tm streamyx in muar suck ! 
yayy he download and watch vs fashion show 2013 ! thanks to Unifi . so lepas nus can download and watch 2012 2011 and count downward . 
I do not mind berpana but I need to charge my laptop and I need Unifi ok 
@ TMConnects call I last 15 minute . 5 minute after that my # / Unifi problem solve . real fast . . 
upgrade to Unifi please please please please 
thank you kl Unifi 
wah wah I be so proud of you Unifi . 
I wish my house have Unifi . . so many game to download . . so little time 
@minntze sooner or later whole penang area will cover up with Unifi la do not worry yet still can consider haha 
finish download 23 movie in just one night . I love Unifi thumbs up 
wow Unifi have very minimal censorship . I likey 
lunchie at aunty house . . yum yum . . laugh out loud most of all I need she Unifi internet 
its good to have Unifi 
do ! thanks #steam thanks Unifi 
@fareezchiro time to change to Unifi laugh out loud 
finally my wi - fus be back to normal haha Unifi ia be back up Unifi haha 
finally my Unifi be be Unifi high speed internet thumbs up 
idm + streaming movie + unifus = awesome ! 
I need the Unifi baacckk oh my god fast internet be need because tablo be saah eh I mean tablo ' s daughter be soo adowable 
@benkinlim wad . I miss my Unifi 
shud thank my dad for upgrade the Unifi kekekeke 
yay daddy buy double speed for Unifi 
gim I free Unifi 24 / 7 
@luludyo oh at my house also get Unifi hehehe 
@jayzahir : go to edit we catalog soon . go to be gempak . I promise you guy : dim get Unifi wkwkwkwkw 
need to get Unifi instead of this shitty ass crap p1 wimax blegheghghg 
I want my Unifi back . . 
I miss have Unifi at home . I miss download movie 
mom upgrade the Unifi yess 
@xkaptennadia i be use Unifi 10mbp . so I think the speed should be okay . my only problem be how to convert it . laugh out loud . because it be in iso = . = 
finally home ! and my Unifi wireless be back ? but I forget to pay my handphone bill . bar again 
#malaysianproblemsnight slow wi-fus anywhere you go unless you be at a 5 star hotel or somewhere with Unifi 
@redvelvet90 @nrnadhirah get ta thank Unifi for that ! haha 
@avi442 such a genius la you . well at least you have Unifi and wont have to wait forever when you redownload 
@cheizman hehe you shud . astro tak best . channel channel kt Unifi best 
I be go to miss the Unifi line in kl when I go back to okay , okay . . damn 
thank bro Unifi . . I 
cant wait to be home . I miss ma Unifi 
@soonsuyi do not know le . . mine be kinda ok . . but then get kinda lot of thing wan download . . if Unifi for sure faster by a lot la . . hehehe 
I feell the speedd of Unifi . play sa no lagg syiokk 
it be take I more than one hour to upload a video . I miss my Unifi now . 
omaigodd i miss Unifi suddenly huwarghh 
ugh at time like this I wish I have Unifi tt ^ tt 
I be so glad that my neighbour use the Unifi I mean the connection be as fast as thunder omgg my lucky dayy hahayayayaya 
download 1.02 gb movie less than 1 hour I love Unifi 
so be my mom laptop lag not the Unifi lag ~ good !! 
@jiaqicornjh no you can not be grateful that you be use Unifi but not UMobile : be 
thanks Unifi be so kind when I be at home . . 
mine one be not lag at all bless you Unifi 
I be hope I have Unifi rn 
oh my god i love you Unifi tt 
@alexisjia eh bro . my area Unifi full help I out . hehe 
Unifi be true happiness ?? 
@fatimahz : Unifi be true happiness ?? wheree 
I be start to miss you already @saraadzmey hahahaha kid I miss you Unifi 
life with Unifi be awesome ! 
need Unifi so I can watch live streaming 
thanks to abah who buy the Unifi 
yeah ilysm Unifi . thanks gor beeing fast babe . 
I cant even youtube . if only my dad get we Unifi ! 
I find out that Unifi channel and movie be way better then astro 
leave gor gor ' s place today . I be go to miss the Unifi here the most ahahahahah . 
ohh Unifi I really need you right now 
thanks to Unifi for this super fast speed 
currently at l . and the Unifi be limit . blerghh = . = 
since tm get so duck slow why not we change to Unifi ? 
now officially Unifi from ken rimba legian . first house connect with Unifi in this resident 
park my car outside my grandma ' s house cause she have Unifi . 
I wish I could just go to you house and watch movie together cause you have Unifi 
I want my Unifi !! 
download 8 movie in just half a hour . oh I miss you old pal Unifi 
@jtyy23 @retrograding laugh my ass off apparently Streamyx be a lot faster now that a lot of people switch to Unifi 
@jaswinnerabner hahahaha . yeah3 Unifi save my night . not hd 
internet at 1 mbp . thanks Unifi . 
have a full bar connection . . its not that fun . . Unifi 
my Unifi dah okay . thank god 
dad : might go to upgrade Unifi or get Maxis fibre . get kinda slow I : hmm true quiet slow . the best response I could give 
how do Unifi even know when you tweet about they when you do not even mention they ? that be cool 
turtle speed internet be download run man . can not change to Unifi aa boss ? 
@l0rdkadaj actually not . I m in starbuck now and here they get Unifi . always nice chick ! that why always distract ! @ayemarcus 
I have be longing for Unifi to be install 
@memeranglaut I be tell that ' if the area have Unifi coverage 
@tenoq Maxis fibre use same infra as Unifi but support not as good . best to go with Unifi since tm be 1st tier isp . Unifi @memeranglaut 
@yunnaser hahaha if they produce it I will make sure we get free subscription Unifi untuk 7 keturunan !! 1 ! 
I be in love with Unifi ?? 
upgrade to Unifi -lrb- finally -rrb- this friday 
finally dad agree to change to Unifi . 
find out today that Unifi be almost available in my area ! 
@voodootikigod @carterrabasa @devlocal the xirrus be great for one big room . for many small room Unifi be very nice and inexpensive . 
yay Unifi in just few hour yayayay ^ . ^ 
@ferrfar : yay Unifi in just few hour yayayay ^ . ^ sik bagus t . t trust I 
haiz . . finally my Unifi work again hope it maintain work forever 
finally Unifi be fix 
@ tmconnect stop that idiocy ! get free Unifi tm fix line call 
mobile datum suck I miss my fast Unifi tt 
s ` okay since there be Unifi here all be good 
my crib be go to have Unifi soon #whaddup 
Unifi and I reunite once again 
yes !! get my Unifi hook up at home . now I be ready to roll !! 
it feel so good to use Unifi 
how I wish my house area have Unifi shit line 
finally !! high speed internet be back !! hell yeah !! Unifi 
come on la Maxis internet be really shit . should of stick to Unifi 
guess i need Unifi so I can watch live streaming for #muneve huh sigh 
I be pretty much miss have Unifi ugh 
@timmychin haha okay , okay my 1mpb line here this link smooth haahah . yeah I know sometimes my Unifi in kl also like that when streaming . 
my modem have condemn . i ' m think whether I should upgrade to Unifi / purchase a new modem / stop use it . I rather use my 3g hotspot instead . 
@ tmconnect the Unifi be all good now . thanks 
@chanwyan ss18 new house Unifi forever no lag . 20mbs sighh 
Unifi installation at home : success ! 
mom should subsribe to Unifi sob 
lovin this Unifi . get to download my movie in a snap ! 
@kiki hctan at home nothing do la my ama house Unifi more fast hahahaha 
I realize I be so lucky to have Unifi at home . the internet connection here be so sloww tt 
@frhsyzwna : oh well my wi-fus be not work and my 3g be run low anyway so ? saya cadangkan @najibrazak support satu rumah satu Unifi ! 
I should thank dad be cool he buy Unifi 
we Streamyx be a bit shitty whenever theres rain or thunderstorm but thanks god we have Unifi 
haish . . dear Unifi please support I all the way . . 
one of the good thing about Unifi be it make problematic tab able to upload a lot of picture straight to my dropbox . ingenious 
and for sure I need Unifi badly 
how I wish I can bring this Unifi modem back to hostel 
I should use Unifi 
@corneliuskebing the vpn be also slow . I need a Unifi . hahaha 
@natalieewoof you know it be true faster get Unifi lah 
yay upgrade my Unifi to 10gb -lrb- ? -rrb- hopefully no more buffering what the fuck 
@ykykaryan yeah haha he be so cute . by the way I have Unifi already haha 
enjoy Unifi . ? 
astro go off in 2 day . . welcome Unifi 
@saladinmy @ tmcorp what be up ? never have any problem w Unifi . . 
@shaunjared Unifi be better . . unless youre a football fan laugh out loud 
upgrade we home wi-fus to Unifi heh 
finally Unifi be work 
best ada Unifi nus because now I can remotely download a big file from office without have to wait for a day to finish 
huhu @azridabest can also tweet when she be in the bathroom * sigh * this be the power of Unifi 
@get rood wahaha save by Unifi 
god bless my Unifi connection . 
thankyou Unifi 
hello shah alam ! thank you my makchik ' s Unifi 
I want to watch youtube at laptop and a fast Unifi line so that I can dance practice easily . 
@jeromejohnluke jeromee tell you a good news my house have Unifi hahaha !! so I think you house there also get la hahahaha 
sad to say I need Unifi to feel content . #kidsthesedays ? 
time like these I really miss Unifi back in kay elle . . 
my brother change to Unifi and he be password be ismail76 hahaha bye 
my brother change to Unifi and he password be ismail76 hahaha bye 
good thing have Unifi . now can watch channel news asia too . 
new update Unifi now be avaible at greenland gelugor / jalan lahat ayer itam . if you want apply for Unifi contact I 0174767053 hazam tm 
Unifi HyppTV event !! free upgrade for exist Unifi customer and new customer 
3 more day to Unifi yeay 
finally my Unifi be work perfectly 
I wish everywhere I go have a Unifi that have strong signal . it would be awesome ! 
go to apply Unifi soon yay ! 
yess finally connect to high speed internet . . yup it be Unifi rumah 
@asher aj haha . . nope . download the whole episode only take a max of 6min . . hd samore . . Unifi . hehe 
@jeparaksasa : pakcik kayo @asyraafash : I love call than textinguse Unifi to Unifi . it ' s free 
nampaknya pemilik Unifi ni da upgrade ke 10mbp package . yay for I ! 1mbp download faster !! #speedtest 
I wish on each road have Unifi 
@pang yixuan Unifi syiok right ?? ^ ^ will not lag at all ~ ~ haha 
@pang yixuan I see you tonite no nid sleep liaoo = = enjoy use Unifi enough liao 
what thing do you love ? the first thing be Unifi and Wi-fi . second be laptop and third be my phone . because wus . . 
I wish I have Unifi . life would be so much happier . 
wont stop force dad to change that crappy wi-fus to Unifi bcse this slow wi-fus be stress I out 
I be really need Unifi now . . 
rumah kinus sudah ada Unifi . finally we have arrive in 2012 ! first thing 
#til do not use p1 . everybody agree Streamyx / Unifi be the best even iykwim 
finally the Unifi be work now . what the fuck 
thank Unifi . hebat gilum connection . 
@jennisionable @yeeleongzhazha @lihwern rosak 2 month di stupid warden do not want fix . ; w ; next week I be go home ! I can have Unifi . 
@danieldhevaraj : no electricity again . needa shift house no wi-fus again . need to get Unifi . dann I wan for my birthday 
@wongjoseph24 laugh out loud upgrade to Unifi haha wtv you say joseph 
santa claus please upgrade my internet to Unifi that be what I want for christmas / . \ 
with Unifi everything we can do 
@cassandra lky change to Unifi lah look at mine . . and yours . fine 
homesick . I miss my mom . my lil bro . my bed . my Unifi . my aircond . ? #budaknitakbalikrumahhampir 2bulan 
how to keep you household expense low ? never subscribe to astro . subscribe to Unifi . wtvr on astro we still can watch it via online 
yeah !! install Unifi . . 
I miss you baby Unifi ? 
aa kyoukaus no kanata ep 11 be already out mygosh I really need Unifi here . 
aiyo so long ride laa . quite boring rn I wish I have a tv or my ipad with my Unifi so that I can watch sam and cat 
@junwoh the only thing I miss be casa unifi 
@iammohsein @spartanz9774 liddat ? I think unify lgus laju compare to my dad ' s wi-fus . plus he par more for he wi-fus compare to Unifi 
@nadiah aqilah jaring be by tmnet . . lower than Unifi / Streamyx . . I guess 
@ hypptv great . I m consider change to Unifi soon . 
tire of waitng Maxis fibre internet shit . why they always say no port available ? fuck you Maxis cb ! say haius to Unifi 
tm Unifi come soon to uitm shah alam . . yeahh 
thank god I have Unifi and so far the line be awesome ! 
dear Unifi . iloveyou . please do not be very slow . 
the only best thing about serima : Unifi 
@eizlanyeo haha thank god there be Unifi here ? haha soon kot 
@shenqheh meus you la ting shuo you Unifi very fast wor ahem ahem 
its like heaven watch w / o lagging . thank you Unifi !! 
and I upgrade my Unifi to vip10 without he permission laugh out loud 
fucck lagging as hell . fuck you this be all you fault Unifi 
off to upm I go . goodbye home . so long Unifi . I will miss you like crazy . xoxo 
I need Unifi for clear streaming laugh out loud 
I wish I have Unifi just for this time 
I wish I have my own tv with my own astro beyond and pvr and hd and remote control damn and Unifi also wahh 
I miss Unifi and laptop . I miss sleep for half a day . em 
at last we get we internet back ! 2 day without Unifi be like 2 year ~ haha ~ we be now back to normal ~ we be . . 
at last we get we internet back ! 2 day without Unifi be like 2 year ~ haha ~ we be now back to normal ~ we be . . 
I miss my room and my Unifi already 
my house wi-fus can go bang the wall . ugh . when wan na change to Unifi lehh t . t 
@nfkhaleesaa : I wish I have my own tv with my own astro beyond and pvr and hd and remote control damn and Unifi also wahh 
@nfkhaleesaa : I wish I have my own tv with my own astro beyond and pvr and hd and remote control damn and Unifi also wahh 
@nfkhaleesaa : I wish I have my own tv with my own astro beyond and pvr and hd and remote control damn and Unifi also wahh I too laugh out loud 
@nfkhaleesaa : I wish I have my own tv with my own astro beyond and pvr and hd and remote control damn and Unifi also wahh 
we decide to have Unifi at home but we be still have we 2 - year contract with this asdfghjkl 
@chinqchiichinq laugh out loud I think you go to watch now Maxis marh aiyo so sad hahaha go apply Unifi ! 
suddenly I be think about Unifi when it come to live stream 
time to upgrade my Unifi ! ? 
the movie be 2 hour long and now it be jst 9 minute start but it keep buffer I hope mom and dad will change this snail to Unifi 
since my granny house use Unifi and hypp tv . . gosh heaven . . hehehe 
finally install Unifi in my apartment . after month of be cut off from civilization 
I need a Unifi so I can watch my movie with peaceful 
do download krrish 3 but not in high definition . . if I have a Unifi 
kb drama on tablet via kbsworld application . . sb drama and mbc gayo on laptop . . Unifi please be nice ! 
my parent see the problematic internet as tmnet conspiracy to make they buy Unifi . . I want Unifi . . 
Unifi be everything you need for streaming ?? 
disember 4th be my last update laugh out loud mom I want Unifi ; ; 
finally get my Unifi upgrade ! ? 
@ummsrh change it to Unifi now ! haha 
thanks Unifi for be nice to I tonight 
@irehsanhalim i be expect it fast as Unifi . in the middle of sea the network should be easy to access because space around the island 
go back today . quite sad because I have to let go Unifi here . huhu 
yayyerss mum agree on upgrade to Unifi weehheeu no more crawl internet 
@sauukang go to change Unifi la . laugh out loud 
@wyekei lyk yes . . Streamyx be bad service be bad speed be bad too not like Unifi . . even sunday they will help you to install 
@audrey 820 Unifi too best liao I can not handle haha 
I hope I have fucking astro for epl . time to bribe someone to upgrade Unifi . 
watch youtube by tv be damn clear but I need a faster internet speed t . t Unifi can you come to bp ? 
I be so struggle without my Unifi 
upgrade ke Unifi ! ouh thank mak hihus 
daddy go get Unifi already . 
thankfully I have ps3 and Unifi . if not confirm wont be able to survive this curfew . 
@imstephanie105 you house get Unifi already leh !! 
I need Unifi . now tt tt 
yes dah ada Unifi yes no more buffering yes yes * tear of joy * 
tm ' s new year resolution should be to provide Unifi everywhere 
@nadyaaazerin yes I have Unifi and the line be awesome and yes I will checkitout 
need to switch to Unifi . . #whocares 
@mohdadnaann upgrade pergi la tmnet upgrade Unifi ke . power . 
@the fzzj Unifi still on the top weus . . 
finally my Unifi get upgrade 
ahh the sweet taste of Unifi ! sambung download about time . yeah yeah 
officially unsubscribe asterok . :-rrb- NN -rrb- . . and upgrade hypptv with free Unifi speed upgrade . 
nus dah guna Unifi mmg best be nak download movie but first 
change to Unifi 
last last tengok online je . hmm . I need wi-fi rumah right now ! I need Unifi right now ! 
dear support . why I cant access via Maxis intrnet ? I have try use different type of browser . its accessable by Unifi . 
upgrade to Unifi . hell yea . 
@chuanchiang yeapsolutely ! the awesomeness of Unifi . x -rrb- 
sometimes I wish I have Unifi so that I can enjoy browse tumblr without wait for image to load 
I admit that besides my bed . I will definitely miss my Unifi . * tear * 
its time to pick Unifi 
when I learn address math . my brain buffer so slow . I need Unifi - 
@peigeonn bless Unifi I love you 4 be so fast tonight hehe @chernwey low 
miss shah alam and my home and my mom and my sibling and my bed and my favorite spot on the couch and mom ' s food and Unifi and tv 
oh my god I cant believe other people have watch the sign of three and I havent oh my god I need Unifi now 
@syafajohanis thank you . the Unifi be fast ! hehe . thank you once again . 
@steefiee sw come come come Unifi wait for you hahahaha 
@nafizmuhaimin7 : quite fast this Unifi :-rrb- NN agree 
@kim rhyme ohh thanks for da info yea so I be just go to stick with Unifi then . . 
I think school change the wi-fus to Unifi maybe . cause it be really fast . one word superb ? 
seriously in need of Unifi at my place . 
yay get Unifi tomorrow 
I miss the Unifi in mas villa . among the many reason why I want sunday to come faster 
